nope . we ' re there to laugh at the collective delusion of the obese community .
thank you by the way , you are very knowledgeable . i have been interested in the subject for a while now and will eventually start my own hive when i have the property for it .
yeah i ' m on the first base side so it was tough for me to see where his foot was . i did n ' t realize he missed the bag , love thought it was a timing thing .
no if you tell people you get drunk every day you will . if you said you have a beer every day after work , nobody would blink .
on the wiki page it says its being ported to last gen by high voltage software , nothing else about a studio porting it to pc .
does it offend you that this tattoo is offensive ? do you actually care how anybody on the other side of the issue feels about it or why ?
difference there is , people actually care about the red sox .
please explain the point .
they ' ve already paid the money to free . this would have been a big deal if they had had kept demarco and cut free . not vice versa .
gonna watch that one next week !
to be fair , this is one of the most entertaining games we ' ve seen in weeks . more reaction than our 6 - 1 loss against the caps .
no there is a dedicated button for it on the keyboard , or you can just keep your hand on your input device .
you are the person people awkwardly whisper about when you ' re out of hearing range .
variance only exists when you lose . when you win it is all skill .
yeah seriously , i feel like i have to go back and look at the previous tournaments to view this
i was in a hurry to make a minecraft account and there was a bowl of apples on the table , i went from there . do you have a type other than tall and asian ?
speaking of which i need to try ludwig ' s , i ' m not really a big ass sword guy but maybe i ' ll get into it
you are either not paying attention to how shitty that company is or are an insufferable piece of shit yourself . those really are the only two options here .
can confirm , been here a month and a half now with tmo nowhere in sight .
bad guys finish first , so they can meet up with the other girl they are sleeping with too
no it ' s not . he ' s simply asking if he can live off the game he loves . no figures were requested and his monthly budget could be anything .
yes i tested test each on one enemy , several times
wow . what a great deal ; it includes the ssd . an ssd is a huge improvement over a spinning hd . edit : specifically , an ssd is much , much faster , and likely more reliable .
nothing , that ' s just a shadow from a lamp post i think .
mine was was within the 8 to 12 days stated .
over here in mexico , dedicated videogame retailers are miles better than gamestop . so , while i ' m in the same boat , i agree it ' s not the popular opinion .
the thought of being scheduled for that length of mandatory misery makes long term engagements pretty daunting does n ' t it ?
is that what that magic piece of glass in the corner of the room is called ?
why does family make it not count ?
true . but they were on the internet . because they remember it . and they are amazed by this .
no , if i wanted something like that , i would have made it incredibly vibrant and more noticeable , lol . i also would have picked a different color .
what ' s your dad like ?
nothing about this should be terribly expensive . the most expensive parts would just be the mechanisms that actually control the car . the ai part is just a little computer and a few cameras .
you do n ' t have to be nice to everyone not to be an asshole . and nice people can be assholes too .
its not bad . although it has characters that might make less sense without battle of the atom under your belt .
i do n ' t get it at all . shows the power of media narratives spreading like wildfire . hes very nice , motivational , humble and cares about his players deeply .
that ' s really interesting to me , i feel like that sentiment is continually growing with the next generation of guitarists .
there ' s enough evidence that the nsa is behind the malware platform , and the cds were intercepted during delivery for infection . what other conclusion is there ?
sweet ! i ' ve had enough of hp and this shitty fan fiction of a computer they sold me
theon is the gollum of asoiaf . he still has a role to play .
gotta have a beer in one hand and a see - gar in the other
i started using for 3 day now and i did n ' t notice much of a difference . i would say it ' s probably the least battery hungry location method .
yes , unless you can find a torrent file .
yes , that line made the short perfect .
that ' s pretty standard is n ' t it ? i remember them doing the two halves of the big game separately though .
while this is all hilarious , it ' s a lot more than that . it ' s a very powerful feeling being up there . damn near spiritual .
right . you do n ' t risk your life saving the duck that ca n ' t duck right .
word clouds were popular on reddit for about a week last year .
did you assume a post about the platinum trophy would be spoiler free ? i mean , ya , people should use the spoiler tags as appropriate but come on .
you ' re an entire supporters group ?
they should really cash gate entry into the game . force players to buy in , it will keep people from flaming as much , keep a lot of the kiddies out .
i do n ' t wanna kill the kid , just stop him from scoring .
definitely . one of my fav . albums in a long time .
so he ' s probably more likely to die driving to and from the hospital than in surgery .
is it ? why ? why did n ' t someone invent this before ? you do n ' t need bitcoin to do this . could it be because there is absolutely no market for this ?
nah ik that i was just checkin if a code was redeemed , redeemed it on my game that already had a code redeemed and so i ' m not sure if this second code is usable any more
i thought the top of the tv should be level with your eyes ? or is that just for computer monitors ?
yeah i liked charles during the first half of the season , did n ' t see what he was like during the 2nd half . ofcourse , how did i forget lynch ?
yup that is fine , but when i saw it was left blank : p if you ever need it nicknamed i wont be able to because of how early this game is so please be sure : p
i ' m disappointed that song did n ' t make it onto the sheet !
but why would you fall for it ? wtf does mac and me have to do with ant man ?
i do n ' t even know what f1 does tbh , i just know that it makes the game almost unplayable , and by the time i was able to actually play i was down 80 cs and 6 levels
you ca n ' t piss me off boss
good thing there was n ' t any extra time in the first half , we really needed a break .
appears to be using windows 8 , i do n ' t think solitaire was even included . and this looks like the pre - windows vista version . so photoshop . . .
with no light , there ' s nothing to cause a reflection , and without reflected light there is no color .
agreed . i think id find it hard for me to switch because of the time and effort i put in to elite to get the ships i have lol either way though , the space sim age is back and better than ever
i do n ' t get why i get negative comments on my hair almost every time i post on this sub . is that style really that bad ? i ' m growing it out and i ca n ' t do much else with it in this stage .
it seems the drug part struck a chord with some .
that ' s exactly the point everyone brings something every time . the sad truth is that something is n ' t always as astonishing as others have and that ' s wha we expect .
they beat us by 2 last game it was so easy .
it ' s pretty meh it does n ' t say much for a city when it ' s greatest attraction is a shopping center
why ? they have me a better interest rate than my credit union and bank .
it looks like it ' s a mash - up of like four or five different movies , made into a trailer .
i ' ll try and price match best buy or that . nearest game stop with driveclub is 30 miles away .
i ' ve never eaten fresh ones , but i ' d say weigh out 1 - 3 . 5g of dried ones and you should be good
where he undoubtedly will kill the ball , make the team and then go back to being ass
my boss could beat up your boss .
no complaints here ! better results then a lot of my halves boxes !
well , valve was one step ahead to let the community do the work and still charge for it .
i do n ' t think the health department cares . maybe i ' m wrong but my closest home depot openly accepts dogs and even has a board with pictures of their favorite dog customers .
please send me hatch power 3 if you can ! : d
i usually play the smaller playlist so less people means more empty hill time i guess .
i ' ll have to put it on my list then !
what ' s worse than ten dead babies in a bin ? one dead baby in ten bins .
i ' ve done it , i made an op gwent deck and beat it easy !
yup i ' m in the same spot , already bought the avatar set i wanted , i ' ll kill myself if it ' s 800 .
well , i hope it ' s news for someone , since some folks appear to think they actually need a bridge to get through water faster .
going well at the moment . i ' m not crazy wealthy , but i ' m happy . i also adopted a couple of kittens and am happily raising them .
we are looking for full time . we may be hiring part time in the future . keep us in mind .
eh . cumming on feet makes me happy . glad others think the same way . its nothing to be ashamed of .
what i mean is that he was a lot more normal then the movie portrays him .
only for a bit of it though . she was laying on the deck for a while before , i figured she would hit him over the head , steal the drive , tie him to the cinder block , then gtfo .
maybe not . what if the conditions on the planet are different than that of earth and require new farming methods ? like , these plants use gold instead of water or something ?
good job . mind though , that during the first ib even lvl 5s did well , as the level advantages were nothing like they are now .
grand theft auto 5 . i ' m trying to look for people to play with .
drink pot , drink pot ! edit : also it ' s funny how you can say that exact same thing on an afk post and get upvoted . makes you think if there is a circlejerk going on in this subreddit .
he absolutely rails her fetching friend at the end of the bar .
if you have comics or something similar you should post those since all i really have are pictures , a lot more pictures .
the american people no longer fear them and their name ca n ' t be used to drum up war anymore . now we have isis .
you mean except for his great performance in the wc ? or have we already forgotten about his goal .
with love to , but i ' m not a game developer .
he pursued the guy and executed him in cold blood .
what if you blew all over her face ?
i love this damn bird too much to ever really give her away !
i did it like 10 times before , and it was always there . was i just lucky ?
this is borderline funny how quick that was reposted . i saved the image to so in about a week i ' m gonna need you all to up vote me too .
a guy needs permission to blow his load on another person , yes , i think so .
seriously who would expect to be filmed in complete darkness ? the camera has night vision . this guy seems pretty pro in my opinion , albeit not pro enough for his target .
maybe i am your father . is your name dave , larry or cindy ?
holy shit , you ' re right .
i usually try rolling side on from him so maybe towards him works better edit : this was really helpful , thanks
um , am pretty sure we are talking about asian women here , who usually are not very fat ?
hey , did you decline the invite to the heist by accident or did something come up ? i do n ' t really want to continue with the heist finale after you did all the setups with us .
why does that change anything ?
you hate us cuz you ai n ' t us .
sweet thank you ! i ' ve added you and i should be available all day today .
i ' d hate to see that coming out of my tap .
i think its quite clear the chicken has been cooked in the picture . it looks so damn good too : d
hello , i ' m around now and for the rest of the day .
a delicious example of cat - person - think .
fps , shooters , action . games such as counter strike or battlefield or gta . any action game .
of course not , i would n ' t take you that far to kill you . i could just do that here .
i do n ' t know . do n ' t fuck up seems to be the prevailing tactic among many footballing minds , but i think there ' s a case to be made for fucking up .
he must be german . it means car in german .
i ' m not exactly sure . it ' s like my hair does n ' t hold well when using product like wax . it stays up for about an hour then starts falling and looks really flat and boring
thats what it ' s about . fair play my friend
yeah , it is a bummer . i honestly felt bad . but i wonder what would happen if he went outside .
did n ' t you shave your head ?
proof to which point specifically ? there ' s been a lot issues covered .
it came up when i asked for top of the month hope that helps .
there ' s a map in the link .
yeah have stopped playing with him but we ended up in the same game tonight regardless so i just downloaded the demo in the hopes there was some extra thing i could get to get rid of him .
they should n ' t , but some people wo n ' t like him because of his policies . and many people tend not to feel bad for people they do n ' t like , no matter what happens to them .
yup . having the bag open allows me to click - to - use anything i need the minute i need it . combinations , mid - fight megas , anything . super simple .
there ' s still a weird cabbage trading law in the un i believe .
on one hand , that bartender sounds incompetent . on the other hand it sounds like you had a good time !
but wrigley always sells out any way does it not ? so they are actually always making money since it is essentially like increasing the size of the park .
i opened my netflix to see what was recommended for me . the first one was the big lebowski . if you have n ' t seen it , watch it ! it ' s great .
brazilians are taller because of africans genes . portuguese ' s are like mexicans in height .
got an email back tonight - they ' re hoping to be able to sell them in october from comic book stores and then at bigfoot conventions . he said its not likely online but he hopes they can .
it ' s not gonna ' be a good legacy until we win the big one , yes . then it ' ll be a giant adversity we overcame .
nice ! they did really great work with the kit .
show is always great on commentary . it ' s a nice surprise .
if you had to deal with york as your owner trying to keep faith in the upcoming season you ' d turn religious too .
yeah , i wonder why people do n ' t respect police officers , everyone loves firemen but hate cops , i wonder why ?
i believe it . hang out , eat some pizza , kill some bad guys ; you know normal friend things .
i ca n ' t carry too much : i ' ll have to ride home after a day of grilling , drinking and biking and then more grilling and drinking .
you have literally no idea how well i take care of my dog .
that ' s not good . as a guy i always assumed it was the other way when i meet alt black women .
as much as a lot of people think you are scum right now , you gotta be specific with details if you expect anyone to bite .
well , if you stick them in your ears and eat a hard drive you get 10 million dollars
why would we pretend nobody has a race ? that ' s not what i said . i just do n ' t understand what ' s so awkward being alone around black guys just because they are black ?
i do n ' t think 3 days was meant as an absolute , just an example . he continues to specifically say that you need to find the right balance .
people decide on a certain someone too early , gotta experience people of all sorts before settling it seems
some nice chain mail , a few burnt swords and melted coins . so no
hell yeah ! i wish there was a subreddit . i ' m 21 and i have 2 years experience on a rig .
eh , they ' re middleman prices . good for if there is n ' t a sale going on but if you want it now ; still discounted from retail . seems fair .
switched to the google keyboard and it ' s laid out just fine
ahh i see i have n ' t got any email yet . will not be able to check until tomorrow but i ' m sure beings i used ce for rp once i ' m banned lol
there was more than just voting that got it done .
do n ' t fret , the music all holds up really well . you ' ll hear a lot of things in their music that are staples in terms of the modern sound .
thank you . feel free to send pizza . and no such thing as too much apple juice .
do n ' t play on a low pop . wait for the weekend to end .
yes it does ! haha ! what video games are you into ?
that ' s amazing , really great .
no . no , we do not have waiting lists . how the hell is something like that even supposed to work ?
great thanks !
as does the car .
leave the gun outside the cave .
becoming a star is n ' t a purpose . they were just talented and lucky .
on the fetus that was clogging the drain ?
well yeah , that ' s kinda the point . these are all the cars you need to go find in the world if you want them , because its not possible to just buy them online .
every single person they chose was more marketable than m2k to random nintendo fanboys . it was n ' t not about skill or smash fame
no , fuck your red pens , blue for life
justin bieber can sing pretty well , but that ' s not why he ' s famous . rich people decided he should be famous so they could get more money . also he ' s a dictator .
debt is good if it returns more profit than the interest cost . it is very peculiar spurs ca n ' t use the money in this period with low interest rates .
or me using a dirty but slightly clever pickup line that you may or may not be receptive to .
will do , bud . i ' d also like to take the time to point out that i have met nothing but amazing super nice people in dc . you ' re just another example of one of those people .
it does taste pretty good .
i got an email saying it was cancelled . on the same day the tickets came in the mail when i got home from work . kinda hurt even more after that .
haha , yes cambodia space industry is brilliant .
thank you . your post is all set . good luck . : d
in my unique experience all the football guys were pretty cool . i mean , yeh an ass here or there , but generally all right guys .
granted , that picture was taken yesterday , but today was just as nice for flying .
he knows he will miss but try , he shall .
ok just making sure ha ! yeah i was pretty bummed . i ' ll probably email them about it .
same . if i see an interesting news story i search it on here to read the comments to find out the real story .
this is the real answer . chicago is huge to only have one team .
if wanted something your thumb touched , i ' d eat the inside of your ear .
go by yourself dude , been to see it twice and the time i went alone was infinitely better .
well the dad strength is absorbed by your son once he has a kid . that ' s where all that extra power comes from .
how do i know if i have enough ram to run win10 ?
pretty much , we ' ve got 3 teams from where we ' re based , so i ' d like to try and create a system we can use to play with each other , while mimicking field behavior as close as possible .
ahhh okay . i probably would have budge a little on the price , but maybe next time lol .
it does matter a lot . maybe not in other countries but money in uk can get you a better education
you just have to find the right places . but yes . we have amazing food . there ' s a reason this city is so damn fat .
yeah he ' ll avoid questions because he ' s a fucking dog
i hated that cliff hanger at the end of the series . it could have made for a great third season .
do you know what moral belief is ?
no one likes stannis . people respect him , but no one likes him and no one hates him enough to keep him alive . i foresee a short life in front of him .
melbourne , follow the podcast link to our site .
how about you take it easy . you must have allot of friends .
haa . from the sound of things , you were n ' t the only one . this thread distracted me greatly from my job .
yeah it ' s definitely ucf ' s campus .
nope , it ' s coke . the only coca cola i drink is diet , because it does n ' t taste like piss .
ah yes . the great history of sporting clubs in kansas or missouri or whatever . you ' re wiz and you know it .
your mom taught me everything i know .
that ' s such a great color . i think this 2 would look great with some dark wheels .
you ' re missing the point . i do n ' t need a bag to carry a gun
that will generally be gray or white .
she said she knew python or something at the start , i dunno . i get this is fun to do but it seems like the dad tried to make it look real , and it ' s cringy to look at .
yes ! i played this game recently with my friends on the n64 , and it was amazing . i forgot how much fun i had with this as a kid
i agree , the op seems agitated in a very 8th grade , body insecurity , no women like me , i hate myself kind of way .
still somehow manages to pull the ball into the trees .
truly . when he had is hidden potential unlocked , he had to hide it from gohan so that he would n ' t feel so useless later on . what a good guy .
that play looked very , very similar to the pierce - to - rondo lob in miami a few years ago that sent that game to ot .
thank you . i would absolutely need that if i were to get it for a work cpu
yeah haha i got a grass cutting job which pays more and is with my friends for summer . hell , anything beats fast food though .
weird , i see a lot of people complaining but pistol is my favourite song of the album .
yeah , no shit . i could frame and finish a building that size in under two weeks . and that ' s working alone .
as someone stated below the razor goliath is a great mousepad . very reliable and big enough for anyones needs .
smart move . do n ' t want toilet - aids
seriously , fuck it , i laughed . which is rare from this subreddit , tbh .
i ' m assuming its paid in full if they ' ve been holding it for so long .
simply do n ' t give up . giving in to weakness is not an option . good luck !
i cried at the visuals at the end of act 1 and the big scene in act 2 . not ashamed . probably the most visually satisfying and moving show i ' ve ever seen .
it ' s the weaker version of women who lift cars off of their children .
we had a 18 day hold period meaning roughly for 3 weeks we didnt leave the camp at all . you guys have 1 . 5 month hold .
start a little lower possibly , even just a gram lower at 2 . 5 . i just found that i was lacking a lot of the control i was used to over the trip at 3 . 5
it only sounds unpleasant because they cut out the note or two before it .
can it drop on any difficulty ? or just 35 ?
i just saw that episode this morning . i paused it for a long long laugh . one of the best .
superbowl is tomorrow . half the country is getting shit - faced if their team loses , and the other half is getting shit - faced if their team wins .
she only did if you were dirty enough to not wash away the taste . you admitted that you tasted a guys ass , do n ' t forget that .
i ' m deleting and replacing it with the real spoilers if they come out .
thanks bud !
and his dad before that . and they were from virginia , go figure .
indeed . vince leaving was still fresh . him taking us out was a big burn .
that is a bad test . i like a good test where you do n ' t have to make a change to weed out the losers . but yes , i could have that result .
yeah that ' s true . i seem to remember that at one point he was the top scorer against us for tottenham during the premier league era up until that point !
it ' s working on my end , and the store is n ' t usually updated this early in the morning . maybe try a different web browser ?
nah . i get paid for it .
yup . no classes because of weather so it ' s been skyrim and reddit all day long . haha thanks i just noticed about an hour ago !
keep thinking that way and look how far you go in life . there ' s good and bad in everything , but right now it seems like the republicans are showing their bad .
what kind of logic is that , anyone who has ever started out as trevor started as a child , not a middle aged man .
it does n ' t matter how long it ' s been , the ex law is always present .
unsure if you guys are trolling , or serious . brb , googling . jesus fucking christ , i need to learn to not google shit like this right after food .
friday , march 17 , 2
waste of food . it ' s like taking steak and pouring water over it .
no you have to buy them from a 3rd party that is not linked to pax or penny arcade , sort of buy at your own risk .
i never thought he ' d show up on netflix , but that does n ' t mean we wo n ' t see the defenders show up in his film or something like that .
any more punishment implies there was punishment . lebron clearly extended his left arm , shoving harden to the ground . that is not a basketball play .
u female ?
wait what ' s wrong with dallas i ' m moving to dallas ?
i graduated in 2013 . still working 3 jobs and living at home . lost is definitely normal , but we ' re all in this together .
or the earth . trust me , bro . falling to china sucks .
yeah i know ! we ' re having crazy storms in the mountains it ' s very unpleasant
because you know how to party ?
he ' s bloody great .
this song is a punk song , the band , not so much
i did n ' t watch the whole thing , i missed the girl .
i guess flu vaccines do n ' t affect my family . there is no other way to explain it if you ca n ' t get sick from a flu shot .
that would n ' t be a bad idea . might have to look into that .
age is one of the reasons lol . i presumed you understood that through time , different styles were written at different eras . my bad , assuming your knowledge of literature was a wrong idea .
no longer a businessman . dunno if he ' s still gay or not . i liked cell ' s characters because the all of the main characters had zero military training . but now tom ' s a soldier .
not anymore it was last night . i would love to play later tonight if you ' re on !
it was always allowed blogs . but i never see any blogs post for some reason which is why kind i was kind of intimidated from posting mine .
yes , but you ' d have to be willing to relocate to sunny london . please feel free to send in your cv .
people still play online there , they could probably teach you some stuff . but yeah , saving up for new smash bros is n ' t a bad decision .
did n ' t mean to imply you were . your post just reminded me of my previous situation and i felt like sharing .
united states . last i checked , it was n ' t there .
yea that ' s where i got the idea hehe
i ' m thinking about this actually . learn about a different county each week then have students come up with a question each then set up a skype session and each ask .
i ' m actually european , not even a native english speaker at all .
haha , my friend always says something stupid as he takes my pic . i think i look like a goober , but thanks .
mine just likes to fuck with me , whenever i am in a safe spot behind him the fucker just walks around the rg like he ' s a fucking assassin or something .
about 80 - 20 pve vs . pvp . mainly pve to test stuff without having to worry about other players .
exactly my point . i feel bad , but then remember what he said . i hope he eats his words .
yes , we were discussing it ' s use as a field sobriety test , something it completely fails at .
i feel like we should have a foreign exchange for beer drinkers .
or stop buying syrup .
will do ! this was my first home made pizza . definitely plan on making more now .
it is true ! my history teacher told our class !
i ' ve lived in arizona most of my life . it ' s still just a parking lot .
huh , i thought his comment was way more understandable than the run - on sentence you had posted above him . still not really sure what that one means
i used malware - bytes and my last scan was probably about a month ago . and i ' ve also updated my drivers for my wireless card and still has no effect
thanks man ! what part of new mexico are you in ?
it ' s like they were trying to recreate the ic title feud .
ya , i have it on low settings so its doing fine , but sometimes it crashes on start up like the launcher and sometimes after 10 - 15 min of playing . it weird and i cant find any solutions .
no , but i think australia is least active , the sa , then na
forgot to update this post saying , issue resolved ! thanks for replying nonetheless . i just flashed the stock image and stock recovery onto it for him and now it works like a charm .
his studio is down the road from my house and he plays free shows there every once in awhile . prince is the man
i like how you assume extra shit about the guy .
plenty of water in the fish .
to be honest , there were very few people we could understand on the crowd . it was to hear over the cheering .
i never realized how awkward that looks until just now . i need a rifle to test how that works . brb , finally found an excuse to buy an ar edit : it looks like his finger is on the trigger
agree to disagree i guess . i ' ve played some great arcade games that had far smoother playing experience and were far better in value for money .
i ' ll be at my computer for the rest of the night . shoot me a message when you ' re ready
i can crush your hands with my buns . i squat
really ? how about 18 with 17 year olds , 19 with 20 year olds , or 17 with 20 year olds . you can be both an adult and a teenager at the same time , and sometimes the lines are n ' t so clear .
i would think it would feel much better . and this seems to be the consensus so i ' m thinking . it ' s a porn influence .
well , if you want to be wrong then it is okay .
sweet !
whoops forgot to post it ! 42mm ss black leather loop . uk .
yep , and it makes their experience better as well since they wo n ' t get destroyed every game .
i do n ' t remember the specifics , but i remember it being about ambition and i wrote about how the dude has no ambitions in life and is perfectly content .
probably in eu , a small part of me hopes that this is why maintenance has been extended .
i like that idea . even if i do end up showing people , telling myself that i wo n ' t might make me feel less anxiety about it during the process .
we did n ' t start the fire
i ' m guessing one chapter per week .
if they are interested in coming and just hanging out there are spectator tickets and it is always fun meeting new people at these events : d
good point . i see lots of content being shared as well , so i thought i ' d start by asking here .
if he was a good player i would n ' t mind . but he ' s not and nothing about him indicates he will be . he ' ll probably playing in china before the wolves have to give up that pick though .
my little boy said he sees a woman holding a little girls hand . was really creepy when he pointed it out .
if i saw you in real life , i ' d beat your ass on site .
i think he ' s comparing high performing girl to high performing boys . so they are less likely to play on their phones .
the irony there is incredible .
ah gotcha . it ' s looking great , you are doing god ' s work .
scientist here , will confirm that is the proper term
well , is n ' t holding l2 when using a shield considered blocking ?
searched through way too many comments to get to this one . i loved walking into steph ' s office and demanding a us title match .
an even weirder thing to think about : today ' s children are tomorrow ' s pedophiles
not really a fan of that type of film , gf and i were bored and wanted to go to the cinema and that ' s all that was on . spent an hour trying to get into it but just couldnt
nope . i ' ve gotten past the point of thinking i will lose my gains . i stay active though and have hobbies beyond working out so try to spend more time doing other stuff .
he was an all - star last year so it ' s understandable .
nope got 16 now . the minimum is 14 , 15 or 16 , hard to say .
lately i ' ve been forcing myself to eat every few hours because i ' ve been lacking an appetite . i figure it ' s stress - related .
there can be 2 spider - men . the current universe has tons
i can try . give me about 10 minutes edit : i need more than 10 minutes
i ' m sorry , i ca n ' t understand what you ' re getting at , i have n ' t had my coffee this morning .
i ' m getting the feeling you ' re butthurt because i do n ' t agree with you . so cool bro .
it does , but only on atmospheric planets . the line is your trajectory , the x on the planet surface is where you ' ll hit once the planet rotates under you .
it does make a difference , whether your soldiers actually fight the war or you just give out the weapons .
by the same token not all germans were responsible for hitler ' s crimes yet there have been no similar gestures of a purely symbolic nature offered by russia as the germans are doing .
in that case , ohio here .
true . but i said if .
it would be pretty cool to have cities designed for bikes instead of cars . i ' m sure there are a couple out there .
rest in peace in peace ?
as long as the surface is cooked on any piece of steak it should n ' t harm you . canada may not have the meat subsidies the u . s . has .
playing off that , can tp skills also be reset for free ? still crawling up from level 35 in this version .
still a little over a week for her to call . either way they take the final .
i have n ' t a clue . i did n ' t watch it .
lavine has made a ton , and wiggins ' are beginning to be few and far between . he looks like a vet out there right now
its not poverty , its the parents life time repeated choices . poverty is a one word excuse
i ' m a big fan of the series but after unity , i ' m incredibly reluctant to buy the next games .
and that ' s what does n ' t make sense . the quick way has the same microwave cook time as the good way , yet does n ' t need to go into the oven .
you brush your teeth before you go to the dentist , correct ? i hope so at least .
they do n ' t , they just like throwing shit everywhere . the ruckus from other animals rushing to eat what ' s being thrown is just a bonus for the bird .
fridge for 8 minutes . its enough time for the adhesive to settle
is it really amd ' s fault for not making a drive or ubisoft ' s fault for not optimizing a game right ?
teaching your child to use violence rather than speech as a way to solve problems is an awful lesson .
at least a woman would be something new , right ?
this team has given me no indication they can flip a switch and play well in the playoffs . i ' ll . always have that hope but this is past annoying at this point
you can upgrade for free . it ' s just a convenience price , and because , well , they can .
then they ' re not this nice guy i ' m referring to , they ' re simply the guy who knows what to say to get you to fall
it sounds stupid to those of us that went on to have a life outside of gaming .
you can have my bourbon when you pry it from my cold dead hands .
honestly , if you give me a ball park of what you are looking for i can make an offer . let me know .
great idea , i upvoted too !
that ' s awesome , and meeting gary too ? very jealous . have a great time !
i heard it was because he injured orton in a house show .
it ' s the fact that it ' s threatening to delete the post because of the lack of a tag is the issue .
i think thats a rumour perpetuated by people who have unrealistic ideas about what you can do with money .
it ' s got a little more meat to it than just a lineup . thought it was interesting enough to post maybe discuss
updated the post : emergency maintenance is occurring
those used to be orange cats .
as angry as i would be to lose that hypothetical sb , at least the consolation would be seeing some of my favorite players getting the ring they deserved .
yes , the kind of education that teaches you how to kill other people .
probably has to do with the fact that california has more cars than almost every country in the world . so cal traffic hurts . this is also why we have the most strict emissions laws .
i was always told to keep my throwing hand in a fist against my chest behind the catcher ' s mitt . that always worked for me .
i was looking for this comment . i think it ' s sad i had to scroll so far down . long live blind consumerism
makes me think of planetside 2 , hundreds or thousands of people all fighting over one map .
obviously you guys are n ' t golfers .
i think so but i ' m also not trying to wear three different devices on my arm , so i ' ll probably just buy an apple watch
i ' ve taken to buying cut flowers , it ' s expected for them to die and it makes it look like i care about how my room looks .
how do you go about guessing what you ' ll end up with once its out of your system ?
i ' m not real ? fuck it then , guess i ' ll get fat
you did the right thing ! if you had picked an ego style battery , i bet you would have wanted to upgrade within 2 - 3 months of use .
i ca n ' t see it fixed unless she leaves or die , it ' s just a constant cock block to oliver
start off with a dab about the size of a bb . maybe a little smaller . it will make you cough , so you will only get so much anyway . better to use small amounts so you do n ' t waste it .
for women that shit is normal - they ' re crazy by the sane standard men are held to
nope . you ' ll notice a theme running at the short bits at the ends of chapters .
yea who would ever want to enjoy what they pay for . rito should make it to where we have to be challenger with said champ before we can buy skins for them .
she knows this light and thought she had timed it to hit the green as she entered the intersection . she was about two seconds off . at 60 mph that ' s about 150 feet .
seems nice , is there actually war on the ground or only air ?
ram could cause a 3 beep error message when the computer fails to post . but not a random 3 beeps while in an os .
read some books , watch some online videos . then ask questions to other players and try to analyze the game . never tell a bad beat story .
most schools require 1 year of calc , at least the ones i applied to
please kill me .
for some reason the door would n ' t open for me when i tried that
but it already is of a different length ? it ' s not like the delay happened during the innings break .
thanks ! i kinda messed up a bit and put it a little too high , but it still looks so cool .
do n ' t worry i am over it . just rubbing what very little salt i have left .
not all people do it just for gaming , i did it so can run little servers at the same time , or run lots of programs in the background .
this is every night at the dome . still not tired of it !
i would d i it as well but it ' s a huge liability for the city if it falls on public property and you were to get an infection of any sort
woah man , that ' s a great idea . maybe the reddit community could have a say on it ! wanna vote on a team name ?
he actually has 4 cards but that ' s not a big deal .
til . how are they able to do that ? colorado has the dumbest liquor laws
yeah it is pretty fucked up that you think no one makes light or uses female rape in prison as some form of entertainment .
op can always pop out another when times up .
my cat stepped on my wireless mouse .
i was shocked that i made it past 27 .
interesting and unfortunate . i read sony may be using a new lens for the z4 , though i suppose it remains to be seen if it actually happens .
yes , pc master race is a thing . but all this guy did was say he could n ' t play it on pc cus it ' s busted . assuming everyone has a superiority complex and are smug jerks is just ignorant .
oh okay . that makes sense , thank you !
i bet he laughs about it now !
i was just thinking this , it would be a really great thing for res to stick on , subscribing to repeating posts !
: face palm :
yup ! i ' m live in wisconsin .
the level is so shit at the moment on esea ; would n ' t recommend to play pugs .
im pretty sure its getting less popular , it was kinda big maybe 2 years ago but its going away for sure now so do n ' t worry .
was n ' t berating you . was just telling you so you would n ' t be ripped to shreds from the people in here that ca n ' t get off their high horse .
i ' m not saying its fake , just that its worded weirdly
i just saw the whole lineup drop . good god that ' s a huge selection .
the joker would sit there for several hours and then show it off and when no one thought it was funny he ' d shoot them .
my bad brah . no , to the best of my knowledge there is no changing that . i noticed the same thing but i ' m not sure how to explain that one .
yeah i wish i could stay longer , it looks like most of the excitement is during the week .
his parents died in the war .
neg , you ca n ' t target the androids specifically according to the post .
why ? what fantastic pick up line would you use ?
i drink everyday , even if it ' s alone . i drink before work . it feels weird to be sober . drinking causes me to spend too much money and ignore my daily responsibility
link is a god fuck you haters : d
i think he meant what does the konami code do on the subreddit .
well knows the line - up approximately 30 mins before kick - off .
you start out with 100 health in ghosts . the same as all other cod games .
nope . warlocks are the super slap champs , for sure , but blink strike is a definite contender . especially if you ' re using the skill to reduce its cooldown , which is pretty dramatic .
yeah , i get what you ' re saying . i ' ve spent some time in chicago as well , and it just does n ' t have that colorado charm , ya know ?
working now , only says cannot connect every few times i click a link , much better than before though ! thank you !
i guess it depends from store to store then . they did n ' t care about the contents of my device . but its good practice go always wipe your device clean before transferring it over to someone .
maybe , but he did turn it over trying to switch the field a few times on his own
that ' s because you could n ' t get the daily but you kept trying
i do n ' t , but i did learn from a few kids a few months ago the basics . lol
glad to hear . i want updates of your progress . good luck .
it will take longer to heat the mash than just the wort if you pull the bag out .
yeah i liked her better with clothes on .
ok that makes me feel a little better . i was getting ready to get a compression test done , i ' m used to my old car that just killed itself all the time
i listed several alternatives in another comment , so did other commenters .
i took a fish head , out to see a movie , did n ' t have to pay to get . it . in !
lol , yeah kinda thanks for responding before dude . but my question did n ' t seem to get seen by many people so i waited to post here .
they should . if you search google for your motherboard , it should link you directly to the asus product page where you can download drivers .
or he lacks his job to get back to the over rank grind . addiction man
ah ya . i have the 980 version of that card .
karma would like to have a word with you .
yeah that sounds like a good idea tbh , how about a daily ? or 4 hours ?
what was the age difference ?
i do need to work on that . it ' s time i stop focusing on others so much and focus on myself . i feel like i lose too often and i ' m tired of that .
dutch , sounds like someone is coughing
it ' s a hypothetical question but say it ' s my regular everyday job .
disliking someone for cheating is just fine . some things are deserving of hate .
sister , in my case .
romney and his family are very mainstream mormon , his family ' s ideals a century ago might not jive today , but to say he is in a cult is a bit hyperbolic .
no , they lack many of the fundamental properties of life including metabolism .
they know they do , but you have to be down right stupid to fail a drug test that you know for definite is going to be happening months in advance , that ' s what i do n ' t like
and by now he probably spend some korean as well . dude is a beast .
most of the things i read on worldnews about kurds are positive .
seriously ? i hate bully cops as much as anyone else but how many thousands of interactions between police and citizens happen every day without incident ?
oh , i agree it was the right call but at first glance it looked so weird with the ball ending up going through the basket .
america is 3 , 000 miles across . i ' d say they do . different places have different solutions , some work better than others .
are you a fan of stuff like final fantasy xii and world of warcraft ? it ' s certainly massive but it ' s a particular style of massive that ' s different from most massive games .
whole spurs team has played shit .
we ' ve recorded and live streamed with it and it ' s unbelievable how much of a difference it makes ! the first time we streamed with it we got a ton of comments on how good we sounded .
all of them . a good liberal arts degree can learn any other job , but you can go look up the stats too .
i do n ' t think i ' ve met a person from texas that i did n ' t instantly get along with . the texas - tennessee connection is real .
i do n ' t need the space , but the case was a spare part , so i got it free .
cf . noise edit : not to say that it wo n ' t - i ' m expecting a drop to 270 or 280 but i ' m not trading it
are you seriously asking how kids get into a fight in school ?
they report to reddit because they know only reddit gets things done . now , what brown person was responsible for this crime ?
i ca n ' t blame you i suppose , it ' s a pretty amazing idea to think the value of money has changed that much !
that would work too .
the person in question was probably a little kid who was angry because they lost an online multiplayer video game . it happens haha , they ' ll grow out of it , do n ' t worry too much about it .
i do n ' t understand this . care to explain ?
yes i do . there were lots of people that i said hi to there . ohhh i always forget your name as in i ' ve met you and i always forget your name .
does the combat get better ? i only played the tutorial and absolutely hated it . could n ' t continue .
if you want to look at it that way , that ' s fine , but i simply believe that there is n ' t much to the argument that manning deserved the 2009 mvp over favre and certainly not over brees .
dear god , that subreddit is gonna be softcore lesbian porn till the end of time if there ' s comic to add steam
you are stranded on a island with nobody around . how do you choose to spend the rest of your life . do you live as a man , a woman , or something in - between .
fuck oath cunt .
guess the game is dead then . cause no way im going over to standard . too hard .
nice man !
thanks for the response !
yeah , i thought i had heard that he was being a bit more chill . but i ' m not on twitter and i do n ' t follow him that closely so i was n ' t sure . good for him .
i ' ve been to the mosque . you could n ' t even see the ground zero site from the mosque .
moving wheat from port ?
glad you enjoyed it . i was n ' t sure if i ' d post since i did n ' t spend a lot of time of it . great prompt though !
this is why this whole post is a joke , the sport band is easy to remove , but the rest of the bands are n ' t . if someone feels paranoid they can just use a classic band .
it ' s also not true . pigs are very clean animals . i think the only animal i ' ve ever seen to be happy while rolling in shit is a dog .
there is no such thing as a perfect bullpen pitcher . he ' s been otherwise very solid in his , granted , short time with the team thus far .
once you buy it , you should totally flip that grail on ebay for mass profits !
you do n ' t have to want to do it yourself to still enjoy seeing it be done . i would never be doing it myself but that is still extremely impressive work .
yup true . wg hates eu .
all settings are set to minimum .
oh , hey , i can see it now . although op should really use a different hosting service next time - opened this at work and the banner images made it a real risky click .
my current city is around 45k . however , i ' ve loaded a city that was 600k from someone else ' s save game . it still ran it .
i think at some point you should have weighed the benefit of surviving the bounty against the weeks in bad sport exile .
she ' s a bird . anywhere she wants . worth it .
any suggestions on a specific pair ?
do you have one of the aluminum cases ? you might have to clip the pins that are a little long and stick through the bottom .
very kind of you : d
sounds good , because that ' s how i ' m feeling right now . so many people are putting down gamestop , but i ' m going to give them a chance because of how badly i want to try for ness .
forget about putting anything out that shit will start fires .
also mw2 did n ' t allow party chat for team deathmatch .
boston is a peace of mind , really
no worries , i think a lot of people found the wording of op message confusing pre - edit
do n ' t you have a shelf to make or something , dad ?
yeah i do n ' t know if it ' s because it ' s also a baseball field , i ' m not sure , but i was only 12 rows back from the field .
you ' re wrong . european .
not realistic . that ' s most of the tax base .
yes . i do . i had completely forgotten about that .
well the movie came out 20 years ago . so you ' ve been old enough for a while .
im also a person , but referring to underwear colour , black isnt a colour its a shade so ive been told , same with white being the absence of colour .
yeah , i originally had neuer in that squad but was horrible for me . in my experience , he ' s the best shot - stopper but ca n ' t hold a ball for his life .
i do n ' t know about that . it ' s not like there is n ' t any diving in hockey . wherever there ' s an advantage to be had in any game , there will always be somebody who will try to take it .
if gold ever becomes a tradeable commodity in this game , even the gold farmers wo n ' t touch this game .
saw it twice and the second time was just as good . did n ' t expect it , but it ' s definitely one of my favorite movies of all time .
motivating who ?
i liked them as well , but i think the general consensus is currently that devil ' s rejects is his best film . i would disagree , but i do love that movie !
she ' s a lady in the streets , but an hr rep in the sheets ?
yes , usually , but a civilized subset of the bear community is trying to get toilets installed . the idea is n ' t really taking off , but i use toilets when i can .
port means it was intended for consoles and adapted to pc which is n ' t the case with gta v
battery .
yes sir , everything worked just fine ! i ' d say i just got really lucky for my first time .
i almost wish i had a longer commute since then i would be able to listen to stuff .
because he ' s actually a scumbag tenant who just likes the attention .
we can do whatever way you prefer ! i do n ' t care too much , tbh : p
of course not . your the one arguing that seperate sports leagues makes women inferior to men .
so , rather than do the hard work you ' d prefer to just complain about your situation ?
so did this match ever happen ? i am volunteering ! can pull in some office guys if needed !
and instead of playing a flute , you wave a cheeseburger under their nose .
where does the american government get the funds to foot these type things ? surely not from taxes on its citizens ?
i would love one of pa ! these are so beautiful . there ' s a few hundred miles of the appalachian trail that cuts through pa as well which would be a nice addition .
great ! thanks teacher says next week i can use the scissors without the safety on them . how are you doing ?
it ' s lcd - just like with your phone , the screen is the biggest draw on the battery . if the lcd screen was always on - you ' d be lucky to get more than half a day out of the battery .
she can still take the statements of fact and either learn to appreciate what she had differently , or know what she needs out of her husband moving forward and ask for that .
with a cooled counter - top it should , and it is .
if you are going to go x - files , i ' d have to say the episode called home .
i think he is a player who needs to be given 20 carries a game , and the zone blocking scheme made him the player he was in college .
the app is great but need a update . sometime button does n ' t work
dont know why , but i liked watching united more after the moyes season . maybe it was because for the first time i did not take a win for granted
a dash of water really unlocks the more subtle flavours .
this . plus , you can watch it whenever you want . i do n ' t miss cable tv at all . with what i was paying , i could buy a new micro quad every month .
anytime . i know it ' s a weird topic . much easier to visually explain . glad to help ! but for real though , fuck that hotel .
awesome thanks man !
it was a joke man . jesus , relax . obviously i ca n ' t force you into anything .
agreed , you see all sorts of guys in the top 10 on day one , but by sunday it ' s normally the guys you expect to win who have moved into contention .
no , it ' s my design . the videos where i built them would be your best bet as it is . i could do a world download or perhaps i could do a tutorial if there were a few requests .
did you even watch the race ? 8 laps left after the safety car in third place with cold tires , nobody can do anything .
i did n ' t say be irresponsible . i said budget it in . save elsewhere so you can afford it . consider it healthcare . but easy answers are easy , are n ' t they ?
same here , the deathstroke ones are nice .
lol . they ' re nice laptops . just pricey .
right , i think you discarded all of the context leading up to that post .
hmmm , i do n ' t know maybe . its just that i am a united fan but seeing another stadium would be interesting . if we have a free day i might check it out .
so warriors win by 24 points and everyone is happy , right ?
i have a 60hz screen but i play at 300 fps , will my playing get any better going to a 144hz monitor ? been thinking of upping for a while but its alot of money
i think the owners of said gym bags are pleased too .
but there ' s no star at that branch .
no , but that would n ' t stop him from trying .
i ' m still surprised because all of this money is going to missouri , but the state has zero ties to the big 12 anymore
that ' s no excuse to pass on this awesome game , you still got 2 kidneys do n ' t you ?
watch the whole video .
if they are off reserve , no cheques pay taxes , no different than anyone else , other than getting labeled as native and discriminated against
nah man , i would probably just talk about things and answer his questions .
yeah , let ' s live on the edge just this once .
i do this all the time , i just feel a little more comfortable speaking in english i do n ' t know why .
i got a good sized pack at target . have n ' t found anything else lately though .
no i wo n ' t , because i try to not waste my time on bad movies .
it ' s a really good game . it ' s like they took the telltale formula and made it better in nearly every way .
the worst part is when they occasionally jump on here to try and defend their piss - poor decisions . that ' s probably what irks me the most ; just admit that you fucked up , and move on .
i wish you ' d wrestle with a stingray
oh absolutely . me and my friend will come up with some nice melody and try to freestyle some lyrics over it . never works out as well as we ' d hope but who cares , we ' re high !
that ' s unfortunate man , it ' s nice to have easy access to good strains , i take it for granted sometimes .
charge people 100 bucks to perma - ban another user . soon reddit will be a ghost town and they ' ll be filthy rich
he obviously did n ' t even have time for the microwave as they were still there in the morning .
why ? duck is delicious .
that ' s what popped in my head . it ' s the man who determines gender .
yeah . it ' s in the top 5 best books i ' ve ever read .
it could be a bae moment ! he is seething inside , i can feel it too . i do not want to be the door that he kicks in on his way into the pavilion .
espn is n ' t good , but i dislike scout more because the guy who runs the lsu one is the worst . i hate that guy
so you ' re saying the game would have played out exactly the same way if it was a bo1 ? you ' re ignorant lol .
yeah , but seeing as we ' ve also lost to maryland and duke , i ' ll doubt that we ' re the best team unless we win the tournament . plus it ' s rutgers .
i was shot 900 times when i was in college . if only i ' d had my gun !
hard to give consent when shes dead , she died due to the assault
my thoughts exactly . not my first choice but , better chance under him than under kenny
i once touched the plate when the waitress said to be careful , it ' s a little hot
yea i was just replying to that guy who was replying to the comment i posted when i did n ' t know you were joking
exactly ! if i ' m with other people i will force them to go in first and turn on the light switch .
just started listening to his stuff and from what i can see he is staying true to himself which i can respect him for that .
i worked on one of his movies , he really is as nice as they say .
god dammit . i should have known that . i was trying to do all the smash characters from memory by starting with the first game . i ' m an idiot . but good job figuring it out !
i ' m guessing there was a cute conversation in the movie theatre too . he let her think he was interested . shame .
on the house with a lemon tree in the yard ?
nah , at this point i ' m thinking around 2017 though .
i have used swype for years . it never ceases to amaze me with it miss types .
will never happen . not just money but ego and fame lead the race to the top . best person for the job would never want it .
are you sure you ' re responding to the correct post ? his reply seemed to be right on subject ?
yeah , back when i used ios it was 7 . x
at this point if flacco is n ' t on peoples lists they ' re an idiot . guy proves himself every year . he might not always have the best regular season but god damn does he show up for playoffs .
dude the fact i even got your attention means you care . so whatever
i had a heck of a lot of practice with that little guy so it is true this might have something to do with it too .
true . was just really surprised to see the instant ad after checking he was lvl 30 . he even had some games from late 2013 .
i do n ' t know much about k pop but i ' ll admit that ' s why i used the gif . she looks fierce as fuck .
i did n ' t want to say anything , but that speech impediment is pretty annoying . informative video though .
yes . i do n ' t have a favorite color i have a favorite palette , which is earth tones .
although jet fuel cannot melt steel beams at the temperature it burns at it ' s still hot enough to cut the strength of steel in half .
yes , because in illinois , only the democrats are corrupt . all republicans are angels
they have changed so much that i have no idea what the actual color scheme is at any given time . it seems like random combinations of different shades of blue
yeah i have a feeling she will be a daddy ' s girl
he ' s probably lives near the area and that what ' s really irks me the most . he could kill one of his neighbours every time he does that .
if i would ' ve have bought some el ' s yesterday that would have been the last of my budget .
i ' ve actually intentionally done that when i knew i had the flush to give off a false tell .
rice would kill it in that offense .
in highschool you can play football , basketball , and baseball or track . sometimes in highschool though the football playoffs can run into the basketball season .
i would disagree . you need to slow down to make sure you are not going to be run over by a car . self preservation is a pretty strong motivator .
yep , two sides of the same coin . it ' s the same god after all .
depends where your interests lie , i guess .
i cant show you to him in full glory , he will become speechless and might even get a seizure . we are n ' t that cruel , are we ?
real shit . i ca n ' t remember a lot about that week , but i remember it was pretty nice .
i did n ' t know he did solo work that was n ' t like that . i ' ll check them out , thanks !
not every movie . it is becoming apparent that i did n ' t like a lot of movies though .
the music this entire season has been fantastic .
before doing it , practice a bit in a lobby . the combo is kind of hard to execute correctly , at least the first times .
after also falling onto his campfire . how the actual fuck do you fall onto a campfire ?
no i distinctly remember you saying that . it ' s precisely the reason i even bothered to say anything
was just thinking that , triple bye is way too op
hi , i am the one true god . pm me for salvation . also , anyone who down votes this pretty much just booked a one way ticket to hell .
today op took the high road , and left some for the comments section .
but all these years we ' ve missed some great music . i feel betrayed .
that ' s awesome , i ca n ' t wait . between that and the new death grips release this month , i ' m feeling super hyped for everything !
why do you think it is the mobo ? can you post your system ?
hey , i was diagnosed , but instead of diabetes , it was with a dick . can i beat that too ?
tyler johnson is making up for it though . i think tampa is a threat but so is montreal . this is a very strong matchup and will be a great series going forward .
oh no ! thats my birthday !
what the hell is everyone talking about then edit : i would be interested in hearing from anyone whose card was actually cancelled and how long it had been inactive .
american kids must be dumb as fuck as my children know they do not have to eat the hard part .
toilet water .
this might actually be the trick . sli sometimes poses an issue when a game comes out initially .
i understand that , but you made it a point to reference that section of the article instead of addressing the larger issue discussed in the article .
kendrick and lupe . i thought the album format was dead personally and they proved me wrong with a real full length project that has a story front to back
no , it ' s because rinne gave a lackluster performance against us and then immediately turns it around for team finland .
and not like a good paper grocery bag that hold all the groceries well , but a soggy , torn paper bag that was just around a 40 of olde english .
dont feel weird thats what it is there for . i alway include my amazon wish list i have had for 4 years it is like 8 pages long . lol all action figures . haha
some may call those notes junk . me , i call them treasures .
if you trade your life for the enemy adc late game you did your job . that ' s what the change did it gave more survivability at the cost of assassination potential .
while you ' re right , i feel like nobody gives a fuck at this point
smoking is bad , you know .
my dad grew up in germany around that time . he used to talk about how it was a show that could be shown in any country because it had no dialogue .
i did . i ' m not risking shit to help her dumbass
i plan to reach it within an hour .
wow she ' s a surgeon now ?
i have n ' t even started a project of my own . but i have an idea for one . i was also thinking of putting my school projects online but i still do n ' t know if that ' s a good idea or not .
finding two dead mice in your mountain dew !
last time he was a free agent he refused to go to oakland so that ' s not an option
oh . i only wanted this for ranked . you end up meeting some real asshats on the climb that you ' ll see a few times a week .
i thought draft positions for playoff teams are set on regulation season standings ?
i feel like we were a 10 win team this year with a league avg qb .
12 : 00 min left bro
i would agree with that part . i am disappointed he did n ' t want to switch positions because he would have made a hell of a running back .
it ' s a really good ending . i had to watch it backwards . thanks , you tube !
it was a joke . but yes , poor people are generally less well - educated .
difference is better call saul is available on pretty much every other netflix than the american one . i watched them here every week right at the same time they premiered on tv in the us .
works in casual too . does n ' t work in matches with friends nor in arena , though .
you seriously think this pretty ancient and deeply entrenched gender dynamic may have died out in the past 5 years ?
you ' re right , he ' s a poor shot , but i know him so i am extremely biased
note the netherlands flag next to team liquid .
why would sansa be interested in helping little finger kill stannis ? it is well known that ned was a supporting of stannis and stannis remembers this . he wouldnt have anything against sansa
he is saying , the part in the video is the funniest thing he has done in the 3 years of playing lol ,
it is not a substitute . it is a completely different dish
yep ! really , the soundtracks mashed up like this sound awesome .
actually the utility room should have a drain as well for when the hot water tank explodes .
i do n ' t think the stream goes live until 30 minutes before the game
it was very difficult to read . i ' m not sure if it was a troll . i went ahead and refuted the person anyway , because fuck it . i could use some practice with critical thinking .
yes and in order to prove harassment or wrongdoing , she will have to go to court . which she wo n ' t .
yay for extra toes !
they ' ve made the finals of every major though
sure thing . as soon as i get home from work i ' ll take some pics .
yeah , but because her eyebrows are on the second chances voting poll , we know her eyebrows ca n ' t win .
it ' s basically free money for microsoft , unless they think they will make more by making and selling a remastered version on the xbone .
well , the western world has already done this to solve their death penalty cases expenses and problems .
why do people here always assume anything slightly out of the ordinary is a lie ? i mean this a completely possible thing that could happen .
yeah , i definitely did n ' t get that vocal range , that ' s for sure . but i did have pretty fucked up teeth when i was a kid .
that is the look of pure happiness and fulfillment .
bad form , bro . nobody cares about grammar here . did you get the gist of the story ?
tr ? that ' s about the only example i think that could come close .
updated . have n ' t been keeping it up - to - date as much lately because i thought i was in a groove .
that ' s what i thought . i have no intention of giving him this information considering his personality .
light blue . not to mention that in one ' s comment history , it shows the text as an obvious blue . really , it ' s the worst disguise attempt ever .
i agree , but it still surprises me that people are really that concerned about downvoting . it ' s a number .
oh o . o sorry about that . alright i fixed it , i would still really appreciate the add if that ' s cool
sounds like the beginning to the space jam sequel .
thank you for watching the replay ! i watched it again myself and i think i was wrong with undying , but am more convinced than before that axe is a bot .
idk man . this would take a really long time to accomplish . do they have time for this shit ?
that was n ' t an assumption it was an observation and a question , a rational question . your reading comprehension skills have made an ass out you .
he gets paid playing this game if he stops really giving fucks he will lose his job . not an option
not sure , he ' s been wearing that black one for quite a bit of the season . he also has a sick new retro helmet that he has only wore a couple times .
i ' m sorry i jumped ship a little early . i thought i was completely destroyed . it was two gp and one sp vs one sp with not a single ally
considering how many more people get killed by guns in the us than the rest of the world , i believe the rest of the world has the right idea .
fucking this . they should ' ve moved that mic . jesus .
it is weak . poor building penetration is the biggest issue . it ' s rough , you can have 4 bars outside and no signal inside .
i bet you ' re still faster than me ! seriously tho , no shame in getting some from an instructor . i could lap all day and come nowhere close to how good that guy is .
you have n ' t been to a public school in the bible belt , have you ?
well , maybe you ' re different , i do n ' t know . ooc : makes more sense than portals , i guess .
ohio state used devin smith against any defense like alabama or michigan state , he could be available in the 2nd .
this is why i immediately bought game 7 tickets . i ' ve never done that before , since it is usually unlikely that it gets to 7 , but this one feels like there ' s a great chance of it .
just like canada !
i think we ' ve had this argument before . i ' ve still not seen any hard data to suggest that 16 is too low for a majority of customers .
better yet he should shepard a herd of goats that go around clearing brush from the sidewalk .
wut . they ' re not combined at all , my city works exactly like op states , although the rivalry is n ' t quite as intense .
walk by a sharp edge that cut upwards , lifting the roll ?
real question : how are westerners going to make a living if that happens ? i do n ' t see ourselves going to china or india because they have laws preferring nationals for the same jobs .
broad city . i knows it ' s on amazon prime , do n ' t know where else .
they talk about how they have a hot sauce covered dildo in their ass first .
i thought it was worth it ' s weight , too .
i ' ll take the feeling of not knowing over the pain of rejection any day of the week for 500 , alex .
spoil me .
i think he has tons of potential , but a wr is only as good as the qb he has throwing to him . this year may provide very low wr numbers for fsu .
thanks ! makes me feels go that the effort is n ' t going to waste then .
it ' s completely different if a dj makes a mix , as it is super standard for dj ' s to change the tempo .
light !
thanks man , you got something of yours to throw my way ? i ' m always interested in hearing the music other people here are working on .
i understand where your coming from . i think about waiting all the time . we ' ve been together 5 years now . but my views of how i want my relationship to work has changed .
it ' s a hollywood thing . i ' m pretty sure it ' s written in most females contracts that they ' re only allowed to crack 2 - 3 smiles at every event
the odds of this happening and the rams moving to la ? zero . there is no chance of three teams playing in la .
dang , he seems to be common in a lot of other places . just keep calling stores and checking this sub - reddit ! you will find him eventually ! good luck .
oh ok i get it now but why did you reply to me though and not the guy i replied to ?
my american studies teacher , gave me his copy of tim , and let it be on vinyl , and i dropped out of high school two weeks later .
this had nothing to do with religion ,
you heard him , edmonton . get some new material !
true .
to be honest , i ' m not sure . i started using that term once i learned it on reddit haha
the truck is top heavy .
i have n ' t seen it yet do you have a link ?
stand your ground laws exist in a lot of states and do n ' t work the way you think . do n ' t believe everything the media tells you .
my friend and i were both in tears after laughing so hard at this scene . definitely one of the funniest movie scenes i ' ve ever watched .
no , the story was the joke
the open lack of respect is the big problem . i feel like he would have stolen third in the 1st if the wild pitch had n ' t happened .
my friend in ecuador would hit the fast on his pickup and actually catch some air in a little road bump . holly shit was it scary , the first 2 times .
all i ' d have left would be the azalea stool and violet screen if that ' s okay . if so offer a price ?
that , and they ' re basically 5 free parry ' s if you play your cards right .
it would be a good option for a family outing . no need to shit all over the idea .
did you ever watch mr show ?
they specifically said that using her ultimate will only give one proc , not 5 .
might be a fun effort on a single server .
there are 70 ways to bring joy to a woman . one way is to take her shoe - shopping . that leaves 69 .
i think it would be wise just to tweet what your whole week of dinner is going to be .
i agree but i have often the feeling that people do n ' t read entire threads : p
it was beautiful , looking to go to yosemite next
i bought a summer pass about 3 years ago for around ten bucks .
that ' s the end goal , sort of . or a newspaper or magazine . love print .
is it that bad ? i was thinking of playing it after i capped out my male mech .
i think that ' s just what people are now calling videos under a minute now regardless if it ' s a real vine or not .
you can sneak beer into almost anywhere when it ' s hidden in your stomach .
i know , but plenty of driver get really pissed about that too . in their minds the road is for cars and a bike in the centre of the lane is an abomination .
i have no idea . probably makes it so that they wo n ' t attack each other .
what did you find ?
then you were n ' t really gonna cut the cord were you ?
i have to go pick my order up today or they ' re going to cancel it .
do you live somewhere warm year round ? i love being naked but fuck this winter .
cool : d
then he might as well build an army so he does n ' t look silly being the only one in armor .
this . burning their book will only strengthen their persecution complex . it is far better to debunk their claims with logic than to burn the books that contain them .
this year the pictures ranges from around 50 to 65 dollars depending on who it is .
because thats where the stuff gets backed up to . for some reason it doesnt get sent to the cloud .
well , if you ' re talking about the 77 cent figure , then yes . because that figure did not adjust for the type of job .
my preference is to just not to have to charge for the usage of public transport at all .
i heard it on the radio 3 times yesterday and it ' s not like i was just sitting there with the radio on all day . at least it ' s a good song , but the third time i changed the station .
everyone ' s got to have a purpose in life .
this sale is amazon ' s doing , not wotc .
well , she had some mental problems going on . i knew she had problems but at that early stage of the relationship i did n ' t know just how deep they were .
do n ' t you know the poem ? water water everywhere , so let ' s all have a drink .
for real ? i did n ' t remember australia complaining about the execution of bali bombers ?
is it still the right thing if it means that people ca n ' t afford to buy their kids school supplies due to the doubling of electricity rates ?
add me and ill put you in .
i know right ? he could just as easily kept on running and maybe even beat the next guy for a show !
dude that just reminded me when google now started to inform me of updates on the site because it saw i was interested and visited regularly . very cool stuff !
yeah i wo n ' t even likely be on until monday some time due to working until 12 tonight lol . feel free to add me as a friend , name is same as reddit .
that ' s interesting . i guess it ' s a perception game . they perceive those four as the biggest threats .
you do know some people work full time and are still poor .
sorry for not including it . i played it is is amazing
hi ukraine . how did being passive work out for you ?
ssd later on , you ' d already be pushing it if you planned on keeping games as large as gtav . that ' s not even counting other things you could buy that build up the storage .
yeah it is . you guys are awesome glad you ' re doing better
it did n ' t after we had recently broken up , but now i ' m fine with it . we ' re not friends anymore , but we ' re both in happy relationships with other people .
if the cavs do n ' t play a defender on him exclusively he ' ll be back .
depends on where you ' re standing . from the moon , the earth always appears at roughly the same spot in the sky .
amazing is a bit much . its a good solid show .
wait till later , there will be a thread with all the streams .
i dont have any registered weapons . and that is a really really unethical thing to do .
yeah , that ' s what i was thinking of .
about time you dirty bastard .
where on earth and what specific job ?
good interview ? two word responses and he hardly says shit .
wait , you played for 7 years without ever actually having an afl side ? what jumper did you wear to training ?
you ' re welcome , and thank you very much - i hope you enjoy it !
you like the government - based police force more ?
new game maybe . i turn vacuum on . cats hide . then i go seek them .
it ' s all good . i understand . : p
as an adc it is easier . just farm and go ham when your support tells you to do so .
the best part is hearing how pissed it makes them .
i think he means he can emote so much with just his facial expressions , and for so long his face was covered .
except when the card is from legends , then the cards do something that might or might not be alluded to in the card text . maybe .
i dunno man , the french are assholes .
i have my dog ' s fur in a 35mm film canister , labelled 1996 . sadly , it was from a haircut , so his dna will never be resurrected . rip , charlie .
yep , burial blade and hunter ' s axe both have some of the highest rally stat in the game , meaning you restore more health - per - hit with these weapons .
do n ' t go faster than you can see to stop .
ubiquitous . like bait fish .
i am aware that when one person lists their tickets for face value on that thread 100 people message them offering to buy it .
alternatively the team is just left crippled because the fallout of everything creates tension and distrust and causes members to not work well together .
i am so glad i did n ' t chicken out , i love it !
one of these years , it going to fucking happen . hopefully super bowl 50 is the year that will happen .
come and take it . do n ' t mess with texas
subtitle : the search for spaceballs 2 , more money and a bunch of assholes or perhaps that is getting too long
man what a host , coffee please : d
exactly ! cash only ftw .
every fucking thread .
woah man , was there any need to get offensive like that ? you should be above that in a videogame , especially in a community that thrives off positive attitude and helping eachother out .
if that was the case he would already be cheating .
when you lose the plot you stop behaving rationally .
it always great seeing someone make a complaint about ignorance and stupidity while putting an obvious typo in the title is n ' t it ?
oh hey , a mod . rather than letting these posts clutter the sub , why not remove these posts and tell them yourselves ?
that movie needed every funny scene it could get .
but what if they are attractive ?
not at all man . we never get taught much about this stuff .
it does n ' t . mexican music just sounds kinda like polka .
your guess is as good as mine , people on here talk and act like phones are rocket science
it ' s in the theatrical version too ! only a quick shot of him strapping the last one on .
oh hell . moon moon found destiny .
yet it ' s still available from their website
asking for added functionality ? that ' s a feature request , dude , not a bug report .
my dad swears by the salad cream stuff . i think it ' s too sweet .
thanks , i was thinking more like once every two weeks to a month so that nobody gets ignored for too long
not the point .
hey , call me cassandra .
thanks for the tip ! do you have any you recommend ?
agh good point , i missed that part . guess a loop is the best way to do it .
well it ' s not just this quote , its the general feel i get from various sources .
normally teams play close to where they are located , that ' s nothing new , but dayton literally played on the court they use 15 times a season . i thought that was the issue here .
the gameplay itself is very good . there ' s a lot of issues with the game but none of them have to do with the in - ring gameplay . besides the broken submission system .
i got the peppermint butter . seriously is good stuff . i see lavender is now available . maybe it lasts a few days .
happy birthday !
do n ' t need to . that ' s the whole point . you do n ' t need a new iphone every year to play new games .
if i ' m playing a video game i say ow ! if i get shot .
the headshot streak bounty is n ' t so hard that you should ignore it . i usually pick it up and complete it over a few days rather than try to get it done in one day .
i like how my file dump is allowed in the subreddit sidebar , but not in the comments . get your shit together , please .
direct from the company .
i do n ' t . they ' re suggested to me . fb ' s suggested posts always puts them on my feed .
i completely agree , it ' s probably my favourite colour change - but just a psa that it ' s not something that you can pick up easily , especially if you ' re a beginner .
i always feel like u could do better i guess . i am never happy with my looks , especially when i compare it to other streamers .
it ' s just sad that it never gotten the recognition that it deserves . such a magnificent movie .
the wine is ok , but still too pricey at like 10 bucks a bottle . i can just buy barefoot if i want cheap wine .
it ' s a play - by - post subreddit .
google mtg uncharted realms . you should find the archive on the wizards page .
which would improve your money making because you will do more damage due to your levels in say , fury swipes , and innate damage gain .
not really , i ' ll probably just end up ripping it off on something . if anything i ' ll get some unequal length headers and an easy muffler delete .
good question . i think it ' s crazy . i do n ' t think there has even been a good democratic president in power since jimmy carter . he was the last person who is not a big - business sell - out .
good eyes ! the roommate i had that i got last time was a 6 - month deal , so i ' m back on the road .
you do n ' t see what a company gains in having the young bucks under an exclusive contract ?
that is the top level .
you ' ll be fine . maybe also take the act because they can be easier . if grades like those make you feel stupid you must go to a good school and that ' ll be a plus .
it was better than the poverty unskilled workers get today . a living wage does n ' t mean a cushy wage , it means enough to support a family .
right ? i do n ' t have rpg on rebirth yet , but most of my playtime in vanilla was post - pg . i always found it fun to just rampage around the chest with isaac .
yeah . no time or car to go to a gym .
i ' m actually only getting the bull i do n ' t think the text is necessary . i ' m getting it on the back of my leg so probably a decent size !
shit , 3 of mine died last year alone and i ' m only 27 . suicide , motorcycle accident , health problems
i ' m sure they can make debt vanish , but the moment they fuck with someones money . shit gets real .
they could always go the overkill route and make it so that only people who own the dlc can host matches with the new maps , but anyone can join .
its looked shady for the past 6 or 7 years .
more than that . i ' d say a whole week , if you play no more than a hour every day .
there ' s decent people here too you know . 95 percent of people everywhere are willing to live and let live until the bad apples start stirring up a frenzy .
it was a great game ! do n ' t be cry
not gonna lie , once i start getting a bit more money to spend on trinkets and mass effect stuff , i ' ll definitely get out of control . you wo n ' t be the only one !
just because it was the point , does n ' t mean it was any less frustrating to watch .
and here i thought you were some kind of insane person .
but you could make a list of winning lottery numbers , take a picture of it , and leave it so past you will find it and then now you will be rich .
if you ca n ' t find anything there try college dropout
good thing they already have 10 losses .
you got downvoted , but you are correct . i ' ll vote for bernie , but he needs a cooperative congress to get anything done .
i mean , i thought that was kind of apparent when we won game 2 in msg .
you can always do both . work for a couple years , save up some money and then go back to school . it ' s never too late to get more education .
are they his ears that do not hear ? two people have to want it for a salvation to happen , him , and you .
but how did the ladder support the wood as he was drilling if the step ' s too low ?
scotland fucking loves it ' s football , it ' s by far and away the biggest sport here . rugby ' s a distant second , maybe .
what about the other questions i had ?
i ' m not your buddy , friend !
this would make a great musical . i can imagine the playlist .
with a three dice roll is what he said . so needing a 7 and getting 1 , 1 , 6 will crit and hit
picked up moving home and i ' ll keep you in mind on a whim , both are insanely good . probably my favorite band i ' ve found this year .
no doubt . i love the animations in this game .
it ' s a bundle with 8 heroes , some skins and mounts . same price as the founder ' s pack , but you get way more . but no key .
pretty sure that guy ' s a plant .
then stay home . please .
is it possible to put pepper spray and tasers through a fire hose ? i dunno , but i ' m willing to sign this guy up to find out !
ok no worries , how much for the rest ?
but muh sense of nationalistic pride !
no because it was not directed to a genuinely autistic person , it was directed to a socially awkward robot , therefore not only was it not insensitive , it is actually good advice .
i have been , well before the end date from last year . the boss , however , has not been worried .
the fact that he makes a ton of money by having people watch him play video games both saddens and infuriates me i really do not understand the twitch thing at all .
this is my biggest fear as well .
in america you can sue for damages , but you ca n ' t force them to buy it , and if they leave without paying for it you ca n ' t stop them .
i ' ll gladly accept you paying for my food
i ' m a white guy and i despise racism , but i find casually racist jokes funny .
back up your save file , and start a new one . try the split screen and get someone killed , see if it still crashes .
is n ' t it part of the job though really ?
youtube mtg goldfish ' s vids on getting into magic online . shows you how to start out with like just 20 dollar investment .
i ' m fond of saying this : if you ' re not on a list , you ' re doing it wrong .
lazily put together ? no . i mean you can dislike it all you want but it wasnt lazily put together .
you live a really dull life then .
i have yet to find a solution . can i ask what kind of network you ' re connecting to ? by that i mean public , private home - based , etc .
yea i guess but i was hoping to get rod for 600k then use my last 1 . 4m to buy bo . completed screwed that plan
that ' s what i ' m saying . it ' s pretty fucked up to do this without permission . edit : haha fuck y ' all .
oh fuck i ca n ' t downvote wtf
i think about what i ' d do if i was some kind of kick ass life saving super hero . but not this no . lol
i accept this !
well tbh , ring of dueling specifically . i make and sell them all the time so i ca n ' t decide whether i should sit on them or sell them asap and sit on a cash stack when ge comes out
hello , you play to win the game !
really ? i ' m sure the dead guy would ' ve done the exact same given the opportunity
i would n ' t know , did n ' t play ghost
20 years old is an adult . even if you play basketball .
this makes me laugh because i work in a mental health clinic .
in swatches it seems quite a pink shift and it ' s described as between violet and rose gold so i do n ' t think it ' s quite the shade i ' m looking for but thanks !
i ca n ' t think of any better way to get supplies to the line on time .
not only that but there is rarely a straightforward answer to complex problems , unless you just want to ban stuff .
pretty sure it stood until the end of the round .
obviously it ' s only the author ' s i ' ve heard speak ! otherwise it ' s in my own voice .
there is a really annoying convenience fee to buy online . i went to the aquarium last saturday and did n ' t buy online , luckily it was n ' t busy . no lineup at all
my desktop at home is high end , but i ' m neither taking it on a plane nor shipping it . too risky .
do you live in toronto too ? man last year it snowed on april 15th
its a road fast commuting hybrid with good range of 20 - 40 miles with durability . it even keeps pace with road bike if you thinner tires .
yeah , then sell your 750 ti and pretty much get the upgrade for free , kind of .
you ' re going to have to wear a dinner jacket and a hat . do n ' t forget to throw things at any negro players .
but you care enough to just hate the guy . makes sense
i literally cannot name a single person i know who hit diamond within 200 ranked games when they first played . even my 5k mmr dota2 friends struggled through 250 games before diamond .
i think i ' ll be playing him on dk at minimum price . if he hits 5x value i ' ll be a happy camper .
you should probably just refer to her as your younger sister .
when i moved in with my so , he could not understand why i wanted a bin so badly in the bathroom .
i mean he made a huge error , if he was willing to give his original offer and a little extra for being nice ; i ' d see myself giving it back . what goes around , comes around .
i ' ll make sure to remember that when i give a fuck , thanks !
do n ' t really need the money , do you know if the integrated graphics on it is any good ? going to hold off buying a graphics card until the 300 series come out .
i think it has more to do with the position of the engine . front wheel drive is obviously dominant in today ' s market . a straight six would be way harder to put in than a more compact v6 .
wait , what ? the one where you die ?
i very much agree . it needs to happen within the next couple of weeks .
that screech as it came out of the hole was hilarious , so much better with the sound .
i just made my roommate watch this the other night because he ' d never seen it .
exactly . and our government was designed to work at an incredibly slow pace . it ' s by design .
ah sorry , my bad .
could n ' t have said it better ! we have a bright future starting with our goalie and defense . gotta give it to lou as well for never tanking
in general , we appreciate it . about half of the questions i ' ve asked have been answered - one saved me a day of sitting in a walk in clinic . thanks for all your hard work !
nope - she ' s a very assertive person and generally dislikes that sort of passive - agressive bs .
or a sturdy floor . i hate when the floor doesnt stay still
they do n ' t even engineer them . they just throw parts and hope it sticks . infinite monkeys , right ?
they ' re super high during this , at one point ronda hits the bong off camera .
this made me laugh so hard i started crying .
agreed . other companies might have a better color selection , i ' m sure there are other paints you can use on concrete . be sure to post again if you paint it !
were you blackout drunk on draft day ? how did you live with this ?
will do ! just bought one and i think it ' ll compliment the suit great ! thanks !
not really . they spend as much as possible inside the athletic department , to try to keep the gross as neutral as possible . little of that money supports the academic side of the school .
stone cold , the rock , and as much as it pains me to say this , hogan . really hurts to leave the likes of michaels , savage , and flair out
switch and double everything while playing the passing lane , then run , run , run .
as a huge homo , this would make me really , really sad to see .
lions had 53 nfl players on their roster that year . they may have sucked by nfl standards but i do n ' t see how a college team could beat them even if they were that great .
this is the truth . maybe not the first one , but definitely the second .
apparently it was the clothes making her look chubby .
not sure if you ' ve been keeping up , but jones has retired from international rugby . he wo n ' t be playing for wales again .
no , it ' s because it ' s a waste of time to fix minor bugs in the old engine . just like particle related things , because the game is getting a new particle system .
it was his first year in the system . first year back from an injury . working with new receivers . i think it ' s safe to say he ' ll improve , even if it ' s marginally .
damn now i really want a moon kitten . they seem so much cooler then earth kittens
hm . must have been an early 3ds game then yeah i definitely played regular ds roms as well lol
so , our average intelligence is lower than average by a statistically insignificant margin ? which is to say , our intelligence is average ?
blow as to perform oral sex on a man .
got it through amazon and got it unlocked free from the site here .
the saddest joke of them all .
i really do question your grasp on the english language . go back and read what i wrote . do i say that it discourages me ? do i say that it should deter anyone ? why are you so stupid lol
sauron is linked to the ring , since it contains a lot of his power . if doom never destroys the ring , which he would n ' t in this case , sauron would keep returning .
damn right , you should put children in harm ' s way for ideological reasons . you ' re a special kind of idiot .
lee was able to obliterate tens of meters of stone just by moving . i do n ' t think an air shield is going to stop his attacks .
they would have won 2 of those matches regardless of him scoring the runs . they lost to australia in another . the only really meaningful innings that he had came against england .
it ' s bad . ass .
is the penguin translation any good ? i got halfway through the classic translation before i realised there were alternatives . the classic one is a bit hard to follow for me .
oh yeah i was talking more from philly side of things , this was a decent trade for them
usually . not in league of legends though . the grade system connected to champion mastery is what tries to measure your play ability . i ' ve gotten s before even on a losing team .
like a man shits , that is how it would shit .
is that the same tie charlie wears when he ' s trying to be a lawyer ?
i could n ' t distinguish any body parts there . it ' s just one big blob of dough .
i am a sensitive man .
it ' s the first episode in the entire series where not a single gunshot was fired .
that ' s because you are not the target audience and neither are your friends . it ' s ok , my friends and i have n ' t seen some movies either
32 states have no law against firing trans people ; 29 states have no law protecting sexual orientation .
well you can always assign all your games a number and hit an rng site and go with that .
it could show that the nic is activated or not .
i do n ' t think a father should ever want to feel comfortable seeing his grown daughter like that , as red suggested . but blue ' s response was also creepy
thats not true , but it is true that america doesnt have a favorable popularity these days
awesome , i was kind of worried about the better russian tanks .
because i was drunk and more focused on the party than the actual game . was thinking 24 - 21 not 28 - 24 . woops
ah , i always miss this soggy old place eventually . how was the holiday ?
i just currently have really bad experiences with start up and smoothness of my computer , so im hoping an ssd will help even a little , but i guess it can become an issue
haha that ' s alright then , we can definitely crack their defence .
a wink and a smile !
i vaguely remember 4 , but 6 would be safer . i ' ve read and listened to them so many times , it just is a blur .
run - of - the - mill lonely angry dude online .
the real answer is , if you read his skills you could answer your own question
i have an update . just went through a second playthrough and the trophy unlocked ! there is hope mate !
why ' d you go all william shatner on me with that last part ?
maybe they should build toilets in the cockpit ?
i swear there is nothing i find more attractive than a man who is clearly a good father .
i did n ' t say it was a bad car . i ' m just saying that if my 4 cylinder focus with a couple bolt - ons can give it a run then you can get a better car for the money .
not really . the polish are frothing at the mouth to kill russians .
yeah , i was replaying portal not so long ago and i noticed the music , too ! really good for this moment .
you know the caps are in 7th for goals scored , right ? they average 3 a game , so it does n ' t really matter when they come . you ' re not going to shut out the caps very often .
whoops . i left that out . a house . i have all the stock . need someone with the know how to do the wiring . probably 1 - 2 hours of work . most of the wiring is run already .
congratulations to you then ! it must feel really great to be a father .
i ' m a support . i do n ' t feel like gender is that important .
yeah , it ' s probably just like da : i in that you can choose if you want to import or not . it would n ' t force you : p
no . get normally is n ' t bad . but they were bad here . and we has been garbage in the lpl , they just so happened to play their best vs get , and get played poorly .
yes , and i checked my bank and i was n ' t charged either . for all you other poor people , order away and start saving !
yeah ! who would have thunk it of a texas team ?
damn , definitely have n ' t done that . maybe that ' s a chain specific deal . i wish my store did that , i could use the extra cash . student loans are a bitch .
i dont want to do that ? that takes me i ' d rather spend doing something else ? i can just buy off someone else that has other keys ? wtf
if you are wrong , there may be hope . i ' d suggest borrowing a child for a weekend . she might drop the topic , or she may become extra keen .
lyrics : the words to a song . i do n ' t get what i did wrong here .
if you think that things all women do are odd and strange then maybe you need to meet more women .
does anyone have a link to the screenshot of the original post this is referring to ?
porn . nut
does daniel tosh fall into this category ? he ' s skinny but damn when he ' s naked you can just tell he has little muscle mass haha . i think he uses it to his advantage .
sometimes i ' ll do a single that feels super slow . after i review the footage it looks much faster than i thought . grinding through heavy lifts is something i still have to get better at .
you ' re not the only gay man in the world . you might still want to consider not using words offensive to others .
just play more away games against the white sox .
here ' s a novel idea : explain away your adult actions to your adult peers ; american ' s need to relax .
yep . past 3 games he ' s been getting back to himself but he was poor before these games .
it is rumored amd was working on a gpu so powerful in the world trade tower , it created a black hole and sucked two airplanes into it .
it was n ' t too bad . i use mint . com and that made a lot of the data processing easy .
have they done a dominate all female stable before ? i ca n ' t think of one . they would get completely over immediately if they are booked to destroy the bellas on day 1 .
why does it matter how many people are running around with it ?
holy crap , i saw your comment when i sent it and its been sitting on my mind this whole time and i ' ve been wondering what you meant by this buy i did n ' t want to ask and it just clicked
cast iron and p - 1 steel are n ' t all that different
i think the guy is hilarious . you ' re laughing at him , not with him , but it ' s still funny .
do n ' t know , still playing through it xd
holy shit , get the doctors ! he just went kabum
they get pretty busy around lunch time , they serve some good food .
i ' ve only ever gotten a 4 day weekend for easter . even as a student . you international ' s and your days off .
nah , jesus was busy with tebow
i ' d go for it . just take it slow and give a good few seconds to let people catch on .
what bugged me more than that is that he even saw the feet and heard the zombie behind the door and he still completely ignored it to look at some random pictures on a kids wall .
team builder is a viable option for people who want to play ekko .
also i ' m terrible at defending my logic is if i keep possession the opposition ca n ' t score
depends on the district ' s wealth . the nicer schools have them here in michigan . meanwhile we barely had printer paper my four years in high school
not me ! i want them to utilize this new piece of hardware i just bought , or i will feel thoroughly robbed .
sarcasm ? besides the nerd comment i thought i described my proposal pretty good der .
not sure what exactly you are asking for or maybe youre in the wrong sub .
peripheral vision . it ' s easier when they ' re all centrally located like this so that with your cheek resting comfortably on one side of the home row you can still see your cooldowns .
awesome ma ' am . good for you being able to be you . surgery and everything ?
exactly . there ' s more to money than just the money itself , time is money . sometimes people are willing to pay more for things to happen faster .
sure ! do you want me to measure from the largest part of the arm or across the chest area ?
what ' s the point of leveling them up if you are n ' t gonna use them outside of the story ?
if you need to finance an old , high maintenance car , you should n ' t get that car . sometimes life is that simple .
true although sometimes i feel like they scream at her first . she gets excited , but it ' s not to be mean
what ? no fuckup , i just recognized the terms necessary and sufficient . i ' ve been hearing them a lot in math recently and got curious .
battle royal ? i think it has to happen
i ' ve been here for about a week , so not long
yea , it ' s weird . he ' s a striker that adds so much to the team , except actual goals . but he creates a lot for others .
after bringing him back twice from injury ?
the gathering hall is showing up as full edit : got in , but it looks like you guys already left
maybe a stand alone zombie game . other than that the franchise has gone to hell
what , you think continuing a match with an already fucked up score against a team with a bot is fun ?
thanks ! i absolutely will watch it then , i ' ve only started watching anime since half a year . i also have the full metal alchemist op 1 , and attack on titan theme coming soon !
i actually was n ' t watching for the ott play , just feel like ott is n ' t going to get shit from the refs
you see , actually there could be some kind of malicious malware installed on your computer and it is detected by vac .
fun fact , terran does n ' t have anything to kill your third until 8 : 30 if he fast expands !
yeah i usually end up as one of the top dogs after a couple hundred years . i think that makes it a little boring because it loses the challenge .
the title makes sense now . riot games has trapped him inside , forcing him to play lol .
yes ! everyone picks the same op champs every single game . imagine aram if they let everyone pick whatever they wanted . it would be the same shit - fest that urf is right now .
yeah , that is how feel too but we wanted to get opinions from others outside our group that are n ' t biased .
if you ' re good we ' ll buy you a new rat stick .
he ' s 9 but this is obviously from the medieval ages when a marriage this young , would still be kinda young . and no that ' s extremely fair . put her in her place , aka the sand box
legitimately , probably less than 20 . max is in the movie , but it ' s not his movie .
instructions unclear , disk stuck in dick drive . my girlfriend is really confused .
physical torture would be like having a testicle cut out , and then a having your skin peeled off . that is worse .
country justice !
weakness : bees . especially in the eyes
cool ! the first few episodes are a little rough but it take a dramatic turn for the better fairly quickly and is a pretty solid show .
we do n ' t require that adults be well informed when they vote .
it definitely had issues but i thought it was fun too .
less platforms is rarely a good thing .
my doctor refused to recommend medication even though i have a really hard time focusing , mainly because my grades were fine . i commend her move , but i could have used it .
yeah , but the superman punch is n ' t a finisher . i ca n ' t think of one person who he ' s successfully pinned from it .
there is actually someone who is offering redemption services that i am talking to now . so i am counting my blessings to have found this person .
there ' s no way to explain logic to the illogical . to ask why they believe their god created the devil to begin with is akin to asking why a domesticated cat ca n ' t also be a coffee table .
brady , first 4 seasons as a starter , 3 rings . i do n ' t count his actual first season since he was bledsoe ' s backup .
get back in then . put it in berserk mode , in fuckin any mode ya want . i ' ll teach ya why it ' s mortals that fear demons again .
come on black . i have faith in you black . red just came up 4 fucking times god damnit black theres no way you can loose next time
i get that , i was asking how one ' s download speed could be so fast
i ' d say that if he ca n ' t even manage to find the instructions himself and have to resort to ask on reddit , he should n ' t flash it .
that ' s a bit too edgy man , tone it down a bit .
i ' ve always found jeff ' s reviews to be tough but fair . he rarely makes a big fuss about the games that he really likes .
it gets hit by the end of the bat , watch the bat recoil slightly at the end of the gif .
i ' d say read the manga and watch the fight scenes .
never work more than 2 days in a row and still get 40 hours ? yeah , that ' s gotta be the way to go
whaaat . i love it . i love tasting myself on my boyfriend . or on his mouth . i ' ll even lick my fingers after playing with myself .
you might have to redo . your audio is wayyy too low . i can barely hear you even at max volume .
still does n ' t take away from the fact we is pretty good right now .
it ' s pretty awesome being able to go to france , germany , switzerland , etc in less time than going from melbourne to brisbane .
but then again - tonight the canucks are playing them so yes feel free to watch them again on my site tonight
i said lightly clean . i lightly clean them with my finger tips while i shower . rinse . then clean any residual stuff that might be left behind .
no , barca will be playing them soon and its interesting to see clips of when the worlds greatest player first faced them .
well at least you guys stayed loyal to the colts after they left , even after you got your own team , the ravens . i have to give you credit for that .
i do n ' t see how as long comcast is n ' t blocking hbo go . comcast is under no obligation to provide subscriber information to hbo . cable is n ' t under title ii , just the isp part .
good idea . i was hoping to not have to smoke anything though , so i wouldnt smell and i could stay indoors if i wanted to . how do you think an edible would pan out ?
start it up while you ' re in single player . whatever character you were using will be in it .
i knew a guy that double - majored in theater and english . he said he was going for complete and utter unemployment .
he signed a 3 and a half year contract in january 2013 so next summer it will expire .
fuck yeah , dank weed ! u go girl
do you live on the east coast ?
well they are a bit fuel inefficient , and your safe up until the point you have to get out .
world of darkness is what got me . five difficult boss encounters in a row with no save points . also , the normal random encounters were fairly tough as well .
a lot of people will likely disagree with this , but i find it essentially as good as google in terms of search , too . plus there ' s the added benefit of not doing business with google .
aye ! i live just north of spokane myself , strange to see somewhere close to me talked about on reddit .
sorry for the dumb question , but how exactly do i do that ? haha . edit : rather , where do i do that ? i think you ' re right
yeah , i ' d agree with that . if i ' m robbing a bank or whatever i like to leave the place totally cleaned out , it ' s part of the experience for me .
i watched the whole season , i have never once found every single character in a show to be so fucking annoying as i did with this show .
doubt it , they like to hire young - looking actors because they know they are n ' t going to age on them . perhaps someone 18 - 24 ?
it ' s worth the money but even better if you can piggyback on someone else ' s account !
the animals that ate the wrong ones are dead .
it was likely aired just on local tv , so advertisement probably want too expensive . they probably would n ' t be the first people i call though .
the billboards get updated every monday . if you released it on a friday you would only get 3 days worth of sales vs . if you had released on tuesday and get the full seven .
he ' s a better dad than don .
cold does n ' t bother me at all , it was about 25 when i filmed this .
i never use the dot to shoot , but it makes sense that it ' ll be easier to use point blank . and i also heard that they are making it so the dot is where your gun is .
this . i was playing that big gray brick of an original gameboy well into my teens . i still like to play it occasionally but the only game i have is links awakening .
i ' m not good in these american odds systems but if i ' m correct if you bet 5k on lighting you ' d win about 2 . 8k
it looks blue to me .
not only that , but the guy driving it is in the safest position of all of them
oh , they will work it that way too if they can , no doubt .
i do n ' t know , he ' s like the best closer . i would n ' t call him wasted . it would be nice to see what it would look like if he started though .
i do n ' t think that ' s what was meant - rather , that the complete inability of a man to think of a woman in any way other than sexually is not normal .
you can if you threaten to end it but that may happen very soon anyway .
dude ! you live in lexington or columbia area ? let ' s a grab a beer !
i would n ' t mind if it displayed the time , day and date on top half , and the glucose trend graph and reading on the bottom half .
data data data data . test different power plants and distributors . i ' m not sure which one affects internal heat more .
yeah , i really liked the look they came up with for the winter club this year . surprisingly nice jersey for such a disappointing game .
that ' s crazy talk
having never played simcity 2013 , it is objectively an amazing city simulation game .
oh sweet . i do n ' t start work until 2pm haha . i ' m an english teacher .
everyone is entitled to have an opinion even though it might be wrong . i am not the one who made that stupid claim , you are .
he waited until she momentarily suspended eating and slid it on with whatever food grease she had n ' t sucked off her fingers yet .
pretty much . i ' ll take effective over attractive any day !
did you bother to read his post ?
that ' s why i ' m saying take it . and you never know , that team might believe they could get a long term contract in the next year .
hey . another question . are there gods of other game genres ? like a pantheon ?
look at who wrote the comic that the movie is based on .
will he get rich if it gets big ? yes . the point is , vince learns to love what makes him money . at times his ego gets in the way , but eventually he learns to do what ' s best for his company .
crazy but true , another fact being that the average online gamer is a lot older and well off than most people think .
haha one of the many reasons why i ' m not an english major .
or , lpt , give short , one - word answers and after maybe like 5 questions they will stop .
that ' s fine , they ' ll keep using them . you did n ' t mention why it ' s a bad thing to need them .
it ' s pretty implied . he ' s arguing that you should n ' t buy music . what ' s the alternative ? not buying .
i agree , goals are important as is tracking progress .
i can understand that , but then should n ' t they realize their error at that point ? i guess at that point most forget that they even took off points for that .
cool ! your town or mine ?
they just add the price of the game on top of the actual price . for every free dlc there is , which is more than 10 now .
i ' ve learned it ' s best to masturbate with my mouth closed .
oh i took it as confusion rather than passive - aggression . thanks for clarifying !
i do n ' t have it anymore . sold it some month ago . the major issue i had with it was that it was unable to play uncharted 3 . it did not want to finish the first loading .
well since 1 in 3 women are raped that means 3 in 1 men are rapists , it ' s basic statistics shitlord . edit : statistics not math
that ' s fucking amazing , i ' d want you on my side .
yeah , you are right , it is a snapchat filter : d and thank you , i will try to work on my confidence a bit even though it ' s going to be a long fight .
i was tripping to eurovision too ! not as fun without your country in the finals , but still great
did you actually stop this thread or just turn it around when you decided you did n ' t like where it was going ?
i agree , but that ' s not what they ' re arguing ; they ' re arguing that they essentially do n ' t care about the evidence or reasons .
side towel . i know what you mean .
music plays normally . but the sword will disappear before song ends .
no , but at least it will keep some from dying from starvation and disease until we can figure out a solution .
yes , it makes me fart .
i ' m from india and it ' s still widely accepted . no one would have made it illegal because it ' s related to shiva , a hindu god .
i ' m using an android .
i ' ll pay two wishes and a dream !
means you do n ' t read history ?
sure , but it means i ' m likely not getting it unless i ' m very lucky or give my money to a scalper rather than nintendo .
has to do with psychology , it ' s amazing what a little power can make a person do or how far it can change their perspective on who they work with
so far it has been people holding a and waiting for wrap around shots . hopefully the games get more exciting !
i was thinking more is anyone actually happy about paying any taxes ? i ' m sure there ' s plenty of places that are happy about the comparison to other state ' s taxes .
a high school teacher of mine made it up , and it was always written on the board . i was the only person to solve it that year and it has been my favorite riddle since .
if he had a declared residence in ca , then he would have to pay taxes on income from outside the state . been there , done that .
all you white people are fascinated with it .
people do n ' t always have time for that , at least i do n ' t . it ' s still better to share and hope someone will than not share at all .
are you implying it ' s not ? people have beat impossible ironman with 0 deaths .
it matters biologically that there is a man and woman to make the kid , not to raise it . so when it comes to parenting it does n ' t matter .
well , there you go . live and let live .
depends on the quality , i generally enjoy meat . and i definitely enjoy it more when i eat it in the way that makes sense to me .
or he has unique technical expertise that causes them to overlook the fitness requirements .
i understand that you have n ' t need to tell yourself you are not a criminal , however you are . i ' m sorry that this caused you so much distress
my only idea is that everyone takes their turn one at a time . in turns .
her hips are too narrow . baby would be stuck or born with a face shaped like gia or alexis .
you do n ' t wanna do that cause you are easy to get ganked and he can farm easily under tower with e and q and probably miss no cs .
it is not as easy as most people , who can do nothing but rage against chars killing them , would think
yes , let ' s blame the coach because the player ca n ' t score .
i do the opposite . i play hockey for reals so i ' m stuck on fifa .
he is n ' t bad . he played behind a very poor oline , and if this article is true and he really was injured , then there ' s still a bit of promise in him .
fuck yeah , this stuff has saved my ass a lot .
i think the pacific island teams have an unspoken rule that they have to match the number of family members they have with errors .
they are n ' t even trying to hide the fact that they are lying anymore .
the beginning . its only a couple of albums and they dont have crazy amounts of mixtapes or anything .
even personal ?
not bad . it ' s certainly hard finding affordable clothing with a cyberpunk theme .
if only the rest of the state felt the same about memphis .
yeah , let the dog go to the pound and get euthanized !
how can you be a father if you ' re a girl ? that ' s dumb .
reynad may not be a great guy ; but that does n ' t mean he ' s wrong .
yeah dude i do n ' t know . they just look weird . i ' m sure they feel good when the girl is horny and stuff though .
well its a sword , but it has no edge . like a sharp edge
did you have proof that it was actually him ? other than said user claiming to be him
i love how stiff neck she is . i find her so damn entertaining .
police cant fine you on private property for not obeying the sign . thats what i heard at least , im not american .
yeah me too . good thing my commute to work is 1 bus or 10 minutes on the motorbike otherwise i ' d be fucked .
it is also possible for you to admit you made a silly comment and move on .
how do you mean explore more ? just follow the giants footsteps or what ?
i know it is n ' t hard , i ' ve beaten it a few times . just never really did the rare item stuff on this before . to hell with it , i ' m moving on .
cool ! thanks for not down - voting me and calling me an idiot . an uncommon occurrence at times in this sub , totally expecting a different response . thanks .
is it cross buy ? because i have it on ps3
so if i gave market price in items youd accept ? : o
i went in store to price match it , but it is being shipped to my door . does n ' t matter either way , office max is 3 minutes from my house .
well both of their goals is to get these gangs off the street , they just have different intentions .
well , crimea is not a negligible section of it .
tbh i ' m pretty wary of this stuff , the history channel is an example of stuff that bothers me
seeing a famous person be all omg over another famous person is probably the best thing ever .
except for the ca govt .
nothing yet , just asked earlier this week . still reading and looking around . i ' m thinking a 450 build .
that ' s nice you have a photo with your mom for your lock screen
thanks . i find it ' s a great way to foster understanding with people you know .
the weight will change through the motion though because of the change in angle , so i would measure at the top and bottom
i ' m pretty sure you can shoot someone that has a gun in their hands when they just shot the gun .
the book and movie barely resemble each other . the writing is pretty basic but better than that awful movie .
i ' m about to start mine this weekend !
exactly , which is why being unable to make that jump does n ' t bother me at all . invis running the abyss is more fun anyway
common guys that ' s a little funny , worth at least 1 point
about to hit the three week mark . fuck this
until cyborg does something to make this fight happen , she should stop all the smack talk . she knows that the only thing keeping her relevant is ronda .
i think that scene showed her strength and determination . she is fully aware she is in a horrible situation but she wo n ' t buckle .
the truck was turned so that the cab was facing the direction the second train was coming from , would have been the side i guess . assuming death is n ' t sitting on the bed in the back .
this is what i think . the thing about today ' s nfl is that the top 10 picks are teams who are desperate for qb ' s and end up ruining the qb .
yeah . you can play the game cube version of the download virtual console version .
i do n ' t recall that as the fun part
and male comedians do n ' t make dick jokes ? why does joking about your body invalidate your humor ? this is a stupid argument .
what about a 20 minute episode , followed by credits , followed by a stinger that gets interrupted and ends up being an hour and a half long ?
yeah , for most of the shots from white sands i just used jpeg which , honestly , worked fine . colors are a little bit drab in jpeg but the results are fun for a smartphone .
this is my favourite early access game ever .
what do you think should be my bulk goal weight ?
no , but i would expect the springs in a pistol to be a lot stronger when it ' s newer .
link ?
lol , nobody follows those rules other than the no smoking rule , people follow that . although i ' ve smoked on trains before .
you are making it a big deal . stop giving a fuck when she texts you back and spend that time on something productive in your life .
you have to look them up most of the time , or just guess . for example the kerbin to duna window is when kerbin is approximately 45 degrees behind duna in the orbit .
i paid today 2 keys for a deagle cobalt disruption with titan holo katowice 2014 , this is why i said your price is a little bit high .
should have the season pass so you can just go install it from the store .
small fires in trailer homes turn into total - loss fires really fast . dude probably read about how no one knows how to charge a battery without starting a fire .
what is their deal this year ? you guys have some solid hitters this year that are performing well . seems like ever since the royals series it ' s been a different team .
if you ca n ' t cook for shit i am going to assume you do n ' t cook very much . there is a reasonable amount of basic seasoning in pretty much everything .
point well taken . though you can pull something out of a body of water without ever touching the water itself .
well , to be fair it ' s not his starting location , that ' s his second city .
he does have a point , though . really , all that matters is trade and war in diplomacy the rest is just pr . obviously i ' m simplifying the issue , but you get the point .
this sounds like some sort of magic super - soldier project .
watch it again , he had his glove at his crest when it came off the stick and has to make the adjustment at the very last second . it ' s really one of the better saves on the list .
very true ! which is why i love dogs much more than cats .
its connected to the graphics card via dvi cable . edit : whoops , no its not , but it doesnt work on the graphics card , it doesnt give me any image on my screen , only through the mobo .
i would n ' t for spite , but i do agree that i dislike cats . maybe i ' m biased because i ' m allergic to them , but i ' ve noticed that they always seem to be more douchey .
i was just going along with the beat .
the law disagrees . the act of union specifically kept the idea that england and scotland where two separate countries under one sovereign king .
likewise . keep us in suspense , but not that long , damn it !
i hear ya . it ' s not showing i ' d condone as a fan is all i ' m saying .
use the phone to make call . i know it is strange thing to say .
how long has denver been a third world country ?
glass already uses android as its os . i am just suggesting a name change to bring all the devices under the android family .
yep , you can only post link or text to reddit . if text , it removes the link you might have entered previously . you can then add the link to the text .
yeah , big tobacco is notoriously friendly with the us government . so much so that they ' re banned from tv advertising .
probably easier than writing to the baby daddy that slit her fuckin throat . just because she ' s a single mother , does n ' t mean she does n ' t have help .
the kind words are appreciated dude , trust me .
ca n ' t tell if you ' re saying whale song sucks or that it ' s great and it gets the credit it damn well deserves .
i do , and i pay attention to the big stuff that will change things , but it bores me anyway .
like the usa did in iraq and afghanistan ?
i think its only fair that long island becomes it ' s own state since it would have the population greater than 38 other states .
oops . india .
depends on your state . in some its legal but it ' s illegal to leave a mark
basically , in the dungeons on pc now , if you see a drop from a boss , it is yours to pick up and keep . you do n ' t see anyone elses loot , and they do n ' t see yours . no more rolling .
that ' s what we did , but it does n ' t mean she wo n ' t still show up .
well , you get so many things wrong and with such brazen arrogance at such a late date post - post that it annoyed me .
posts to the head ?
yeah , kill her . she ' s just going to be a thorn in someone else ' s side someday . it ' s much better to just deal with this problem the old fashioned way .
would you rather be downvoted to oblivion or post on a site that nobody reads ?
he was a huge loss for the hawks . i miss that guy just about every game . he also fucking protected the small guys on the team , which is invaluable . players know not to fuck with buff
what if i ' m not making the same amount of money anymore because zulrah just crashed what i was collecting ?
did you leave your mon deposited ? im just finishing out the list , so dont worry ! youll get one : d
i usually long cast the very first one since people are in cutscene or whatever , anyway . i swift everything after that .
oh i misunderstood . yeah his champion choices were a bit weird .
i know i will , since i ' ve been enabled with anime cat girls .
yeah but that ' s no fun . where ' s the thrill of the hunt if you ' re not looking for something to hunt ?
difference between us and cleveland is their co - division favorite has a 6 game lead on them ours has 1 . 5 games on us i still do n ' t trust the astros to stay good
you must be very dumb . makes sense .
you had one dragged shot on their goal . who cares how much you get behind or around them if every time they keep their shape make blocks and clear their lines ?
i kept forgetting to price them and finally i was like , i ' ll just give them out !
i live in florida and i ' m not sure what you mean by that
totally . and his figure action figure evolution videos are second to none !
depends on if he plans to tuck it in or not , and hey if anything is going to be wrong with a shirt i would say being too long is just about the best flaw to have , it ' s a very easy fix .
but they were supposed to run to the end of their license , another 10 to 20 years for the newer ones at least .
hey man you ' re the one who likes butt play .
no , try putting your leg against the wheel and lining up the car so you do n ' t have to steer . it ' s basically not possible to make it very far without correcting the car for something .
i can only seem to find one link , do you think you could link me the other two ?
the fire nation attacked .
come on now , there ' s no need to be so butt hurt .
you ' re welcome ! i ' m happy to help , it makes me really glad that i shared this to know that i ' ve helped people potentially avoid similar fates .
how do artists not suffer from their content being taken rather than paid for ? edit : nevermind , based on your history you ' re definitely trolling . my bad
i expect lvg to be here for a while though , and by the time he leaves i expect guardiola to be entrenched at his next team .
try a pet rock .
did n ' t google say a while back that in order to use google services that they must be running the most current version of android ?
he ' s been good defensively yes but still very , very poor going forward for the most part . new rb is still a massive priority .
well it ignores sleep mode , so if you have the game running for twelve hours or so , the bird statute thing will tell you to take a break .
he is a kind of player like reus . he is a more like winger . against bvb match showed his style . i recommend to you . also , his club have same philosophy like our team .
and yet , it is supposed to be a cock ring .
i ' ve never noticed any super powers associated with it , maybe i should take more .
possibly , to be honest i dont know much about console capturing with the bmi pro , i just know that anything that is not an hdmi camera output is not very reliable with it d :
hit me up for some beers man !
every woman , child , bird , and tree ever amd forever .
if you ' re not black , i ' d get that seen to .
did n ' t look into it . i do n ' t think i would have liked the look of sand , plus i ' m fairly certain the grant program required either rock or wood mulch .
unless if you play both sides by yourself .
i feel it . i ' ve said some weird shit to my friends that was pretty normal in context
cdpr has always put in skip for cutscenes so suddenly that being different would be rather weird .
last year parking was free and easy in my experience . they were handing out maps at the entrance to campus which showed how to get to the designated parking lot .
and while doing that , raise both your legs over your head and roll around . it will be asserting ultimate dominance and be glorious !
cpu has more to do with recording than gpu , yea ?
i ' d add red dragon to that list .
i am now thanks to your post . i should be doing homework but i ' m too hyped for this game .
i have heard it can be difficult to manage a personal and work life .
since the flash storyline is about different timelines , she might be from a timeline where sara did n ' t die .
house is awesome . you should definitely check out midnight in paris if you have n ' t already . lovely woody allen movie .
it ' s a real ban .
i ' m not arguing .
maybe because his cheering is incredibly obnoxious , the team hes cheering for is irrelevant , that og fan shouting yeah is equally annoying .
that ' s a pretty tough lie for a good approach shot , though .
yeah , mine is the same deal but with red .
motherfucker do you even physics ?
i ' m on mobile , or i ' d post a convincing explanation of why you ' re wrong .
i need them to start losing . go kc !
i can imagine your breasts changing sizes as your milk comes in fully .
my pleasure ! what show are you off to ?
i ' d die due to excessive orgasm .
they came looking maroon and gold , the ribbon is brown . still looks great .
the secret is to just relax and it passes . realize it ' s sleep paralysis and just relax .
the coaching staff admitted to actively tanking the team for the lemieux draft in a tsn doc .
message me if you need some help on rom . i ' ll try to level up to meet your level and see if i can do something to help .
he said any game can last 100 hrs , i said good luck making gone home last that long .
thanks ! turns out planning a wedding is super time consuming ! who would have thought ? haha .
nah , she ' s too fat .
time to change the rules then .
i went to school in america and all of the math classes were co - ed . all male and female students were required to take the same courses . no magic needed .
ahh , right . that ' s why it did n ' t make sense . i read it as 10 million both the first time , and when i re - read it to make sure : p
hopefully jordan is in on it and playing a character too because if the way conan treats him in the bits is at all genuine that seems pretty shitty of him .
in some cases , yes . i have n ' t been following the baltimore riots as closely as i would like , but i know in ferguson last year police attacked groups of peaceful protestors .
hey na ! the most exciting thing has been getting to meet the hi - rez team and seeing how passionate everyone is about the game , studio , and community .
also , i imagine you ' ve probably tried audiobooks by now , but in case you have n ' t , they are a great alternative . they ' re also much easier to fit into a busy schedule than reading .
i ' m free now just let me know if you ' re still here
at least go for rolling rock man . then again , who am i to question the trap lifestyle ?
not being able to get back at people kind of takes the fun out of it .
me neither , he was pretty for us good back in the day . i remember him being a 99 speed on madden 08 .
live . laugh . george .
just hard boil the egg . noone will suspect a thing .
just metal version .
so there ' s land and water
stomping like he did is arguably a strait red . grabbing the throat of a player should be nothing but a strait red . that decision to no card was beyond disgusting .
of course not ! she bought a lexus .
alright that ' s cool
i do . i enjoy the flavor and aroma of coffee just like i enjoy the taste and aroma of red wine but i ' m not about to drink alcohol free wine if it exists .
oh , yeah , i thought of something like grouping up in a lobby and just having a party chat . that actually makes a lot of sense . did n ' t rdr have this ?
looks great to me . coverage looks good in my area and i can get the data i use cheaper than t - mobile . just gotta hurry up and pay off this nexus 6 .
damn son you snoring .
real shit , i tear up in rotj when vader saves his son when he is being electrocuted .
thanks , i think it was them not reading my post , looking at my picture , then looking me up . for a website full of words , people tend to not read much : s
he could ' ve just gone to the corner store and gotten a single condom or something .
it ' s almost like they think they ' re people . silly things ; you ' re not people .
that kitty is satan .
his top half has n ' t figured out how to change color yet .
we live next to low sec , mine in high sec .
the neck tattoo is part of how she looks .
because they also operate with people from the overseas , so they pay everyone in dollar . does n ' t bother me at all to get paid in dollars , at this stage of the currency race .
weed is the most relaxing way to do pretty much anything .
but wo n ' t the highlighted streaks look lighter with the dye on top ?
would all canadian troops be considered part of the royal army as well ?
b - but more work d : i ' ll make a fb status about it . i ' ve got some system builder friends ! : d
thanks , i will . i like the not so heavy stuff . punk goes pop is fucking amazing . amazing .
for some . maybe for you . but she is really torn up over this . you do n ' t get to tell other people how they feel .
except those are all the ones played in lcs . because as we know , super bad ad junglers with initiation arent picked in lcs ever
there ' s about a week left in february . i ' ll bet you all of my karma that it is not released in february . it will be in march , shortly before the pc release .
i hate cigarettes and most of that super treated stuff , i ' m mostly trying this out to stretch a bowl into a relaxing joint once in a while . keep smoking what you love !
that was n ' t built for rocks , it was built for drilling holes in people ' s head . this is just a demonstration of the tool in use without anyone getting hurt .
yeah blurred line with positions in the pack these days .
can i have your life ? i love cereal . is it just dry or with milk ?
i think i will get rid of the rain dance , should i replace that with a fighting move or water move ?
i was terrified until the vocals came in , then it turned silly pretty quick .
solution number one is to not allow the guys in front of him to get on base . jones is hot right now , you have to have room to pitch around him .
you mean the foreign soldiers sent by and equipped by russia ?
if israel fought iran it would be like canada playing china in hockey . iran will be crushed to dust .
same for my zelda tattoo . zelda was all i played growing up before i became a huge gamer . it ' s part of my childhood .
stand alone complex and the original movies are unrelated , but i ' d still recommend watching that second movie .
thanks man !
oh cool , thanks . yeah , i did n ' t think the original would work . it did n ' t work for me here when i tried it .
i do n ' t think that everyone stopped watching tv or reading newspapers and magazines . they just stopped reporting about it so intensely , so the topic faded .
the one who said it didnt even talk all game .
ah , yeah , i bought it after they split up .
aww please do . i hope i can meet a chicken on a sanctuary some time . i just want to hug some chickens cows and pigs and hopefully not breakdown into tears while doing it : p
me too . i dont know how many of us rangers fans that want the win probably not a lot
i ' ve stuck with games just to complete them before .
it ' s all good . i ' m usually not good with cars and years but the 1969 mustang is my dream car so i knew that one right away lol
you can also just buy money strait for your steam wallet , not sure why they need to sell games like this .
they ' re shit , you ' re not missing much .
turkey is like the adopted autistic schizophrenic orphan of the middle east .
have n ' t gotten to meet yet so we ' re not official . it ' s what we both hope for though , we just want to spend some time together and make sure the chemistry carries over to real life .
i have the same cartridge and can tell you it ' s a good cartridge . if i were you i would spend you ' re money on a receiver and some speakers asap !
back in the old old school runescape , you could kill anyone anywhere . guards were your only defense as a low level . beware of the cabbage patch . i miss that .
get the hola extension on chrome , set it to the uk , enjoy !
i was expecting an early gank from santorin top or mid when he started red side .
i am ! marth , robin , lucina , char , wario , pac , greninja for my friend , and hopefully ness if the gamestops have some . hope you got what you need too !
heh thanks . i like breaking down jokes to see why things are funny .
good on you man . i can only hope to have a mind and body as well - conditioned as that one day .
i suppose it depends on the company and how prudent they feel it is to keep a certain portion of their assets liquid . why are you asking me ?
well yes it was super fun before all the rpg ' s .
they are if they ' re turning a profit . that is how profit is made .
sounds like such a lovely girl !
do n ' t forget the chance in the 1st match .
university of phoenix . top of my class .
the obvious role for them would be assholes edit : i knew it ! i ' m surrounded by assholes !
i want to doubt you but you seem positive .
oh , it ' s too late for that . shots have been fired , expect nothing but return fire .
god damn , i was looking for about 5 minutes through the original one after you replied , i ' m so stupid .
they had the magic to just laugh it off , though .
practice , practice , practice , with feedback , feedback , feedback .
i would think a rolled up check for 1 million dollars would be cooler , you dont have to actually cash it , but still .
she will actually be the first person to live to 150 .
i kind of want tumblrinas to become even more ridiculous than they already are .
it did hold the record for most cars wrecked in the filming of a movie , up until the first live - action gi joe movie in the last few years , which ruined a lot of cars in the paris scene .
the question is if he will invite you in at 3am when you show up at his home address .
generally , yes . if you ' re just replacing a bad or missing motor , not really . though if you ' re trying to swap transmissions , it is generally cheaper and easier to buy a manual car .
also do n ' t take dating advice from women
check to make sure the school does n ' t have any weird restrictions on it first , but you should be fine . just do n ' t take them outside of your house unless you really have to .
can confirm i am offended by the idea of baseball , this is a football sub i do n ' t care about your shit american sports with 2 minutes of play then a half an hour rest
if you ' re not looking to get karma then eventually you ' ll make an off hand comment and it ' ll get tons of karma if the thread hits front page .
the mvp award that was given in 2014 . so the 2013 - 2014 year , yes .
i do n ' t do retail . i heard there were group interviews at the retail outlets , though . kinda odd . i work from home .
i ' m not too sure . the title is ken which is the same exact title as the last chapter of the manga .
what i do is sim the first 2 periods and play the 3rd for the first 40 games of the season , it usually does n ' t take too long , then sim the rest of the season .
except that it costs a shitload of money to maintain such military , money which is desperately needed elsewhere .
i do this whenever possible , its an amazing feeling .
it came across to me as sarcasm because it is typically behavior of a female . its hard to determine emotions through written text
it ' s valentines weekend bro , all the single girls are dying to find a guy . add one or two to the club
yeah me too , but if you were a small girl you obviously would n ' t have as big an appetite
bc what is wrong in being a 45 year old .
if i wanted to play games that look like this , there are hundreds of games i could be playing on a super nintendo emulator . that ' s not what i want to use a ps4 for .
i ' m not racist . i could careless about the color of their skin . all i see is worthless people looting and calling it a peaceful protest .
or just angle your side tn ' s so they are perpendicular to you instead of viewing them at an angle .
damn that sucks . night shift ?
you ' re sitting there waiting for your boosters to be returned so you can do stuff ?
stop insulting the swamp - germans !
15 mins times 5 shirts is 75 minutes i do n ' t have . this takes me fewer minutes . i can do it once a week and have all my shirts for the work week ready to grab each morning .
probably because he was rolling balls and had a capsule on him , both definitely not legal . i would ' ve shit my pants and submitted to it too unfortunately .
i have , as my dad is a used car manager at a dealership , i figured if i wanted to do that i would start out small at future shop .
caps ? when i see some one in cool clothes i just kill them and take them off the corpse .
fucking pussies dude , both of you .
the grandmother broke her leg but everyone ' s limbs were intact .
i ' ve thought heavily about this . how do i get into this line of work ?
what do you think is your weak point in a conversation ? transitioning from topic to topic ? seeming interested in something you may not be ? have trouble adequately listening ?
it only hides the button , you can even still downvote on the computer if you just turn off subreddit themes .
it ' s a drug that i would n ' t mind if i never took it again . it ' s by far the most dirtiest feeling drug i ' ve felt .
me too . i ' m a huge huge sonic fan , but could n ' t stand playing him in brawl . even though i ' m still not very good with him , i ' d say he ' s my favorite in smash 4 .
can all your questions be about how much m they take before each show ?
that ' s one of the things i really like about netflix . i can watch it on my ps3 , exit , watch it on my laptop starting from where i left off . it really is the coolest .
dude , she ' s 13 .
same watch , no charge , hopeful about tomorrow .
i must not have worded that properly , i was wearing jeans , the cum came out through the top at the waist .
i do n ' t care how the game is as long as we get the w
unfortunately anybody can be a parent .
i always love ikea furniture because i ' m shit at reading a wall of directions . no , i do n ' t know what that fucking piece is called . gimme a picture of it and show me where to stick it .
yeah , probably not , i think ive tried playing it all of 3 times , aha waste waste waste , id like to go digital but preordering is fucking me .
fixed ! i guess an unconscious part of me wanted it to still be 2014 , despite blind guardian ' s new album .
theres a limit on the number of public event packages from the postmaster .
ah then please feel free to go to any other country in the world , sorry but that is the truth and you do n ' t have to like it .
i call that milling the nice way .
yeah man , you better keep delivering na , just kidding its fine . good job !
warranty would not cover this .
very good ! i hope that ' s what your children ask you . if , in fact they really are your children ! edit : i ' m sure they ' re your children , they ' re ugly as fuck .
aww , you were a little one ! i am curious now how much a mother ' s pregnancy weight gain is actually correlated with her baby ' s birth weight .
because beauty is in the eyes of the beholder . even if they behold racism
they are both very gaelic sounding names , it ' s probably safe to assume that the names are not made up and that the boys are irish
and it seems the only evidence in this case is the testimony of all these girls ; evidence now brought into question .
why not ? are we not allowed to point out a wrong opinion then ?
or a tiger .
when you install the game it locks on to your origin account anyway , so if you do lose it you can just re download it
yeah , they asked me about it but i unfortunately got rid of it . i did however tell them the date and the store and bought it from .
oh shit , putin is annexing canada !
cause civil war was very cap centric . and he ' s most likely gonna bite a winter soldier sniper bullet by the third act .
what compelled you to leave this comment ?
so you wanted a draw ? at home ? alright then
oh , is that true ? she ' s only been playing casual mode . i ' ll tell her to give ranked a try .
not offended at all , actually . just making a joke in response to someone else ' s joke .
that was a small mistake . i prefer to use normal roads when making intersections , they snap more easily . i ' m upgrading them later on .
probably . nonetheless , i feel it ' s valuable to hear the community ' s opinion on existing solutions before i go off and reinvent that wheel .
the nerf did n ' t fix the actual problem with the tec9 and it ' s pretty much just as bad as before
hah ! but if you ever plan on getting a masters , europe might be a really good idea .
it ' s your responsibility to inform yourself of the policy . why would you just take someone ' s word for it before you commit to a monthly payment ?
i ' m a sucker for revolutionary politics . hit me with your platform . not literally . platforms are heavy .
do you guys feel its weird for us to eat almost always with rice ?
it ' s called lose yourself and it really is a great song . have n ' t watched the movie .
yea , i kinda like doing ink stuff sometimes .
sounds like it ' s dead . that sucks man . if it does n ' t work on other computer or usb ports you might be out of luck
but in 100 years , it will be considered weird and abnormal . that is kind of the point of the question .
mine has been messing up lately , telling me i ca n ' t like the photos
get ready for tomorrow ' s unlimited salt works .
of course most of the people here have never played football . everyone knows that if you ' re jumping for the ball you must keep your arms to the side and pencil jump .
he does things for the money . anyway he can get it . he is terrible at first person shooter games . i would not even consider this dude a pro gamer
native plants prefer sprinkler irrigation so there are some drought tolerant plants that can benefit from them without wasting water .
absolutely true . that ' s one reason why i ' m pretty upset that mcc has been a disaster .
i do n ' t think it did . to stop this from happening , make sure you quit out to the games main menu before exiting the game to play another game . i did this every time and had no problems at all
it ' s ok . i ' ve probably spent that much time on trains . it ' s not really wasted if you do something else during it .
i ' m lucky that i work in a job where i could wear pretty much anything .
tbh i ' ve never heard that song till now . i can def . see the comparison lol
i ' ve got a few too ! will post them later tonight i think .
i ' m from moldova but currently live abroad , would be curious to see any evidence for russia trying to fuel internal conflict in moldova , if you have any that is
eh , it ' s in sky ' s best interest to give people an incentive to switch over i guess , still would rather watch legally
i am only saddened that the world ' s perspective of your religion is making you this defensive . i only hope that someday the world will be able to change .
the civil forfeiture used in this case applies very specifically to cash , so to the extent that the government can take your money when it ' s not in cash , that ' s a whole different thing .
please elaborate i would really like to know how you can stand it .
you can tune cars and play with the dog . not much more .
i just are n ' t a fan of seeing people walking around barefoot in an office environment as feet arent that attractive and looks unprofessional in my opinion , but that ' s just me
so where did you end up ?
only thing to go wrong with mine so far is the fuel inertia switch went off and i could n ' t figure out what it was for hours . did n ' t even know such a thing existed .
it is super quick and easy ! one vine takes about an hour and half or an hour if you are super speedy !
i ' ve often thought that job is the most horrifying book of the bible . of course , that was n ' t a welcome thought in sunday school .
how would you feel if people publicly called you the worst failure of your father ? being born into celebrity is not a choice so stop using it as an excuse to say horrible things about people .
true , but that was a great step
no . it has a large magazine size that will grow if you are n ' t shooting . i do n ' t know how high it goes but i got up to 115 in a clip .
nah , i hear it ' s fantastic when compared to the anime but i dropped the anime midway through . i do n ' t have any intention of finishing it or watching the movie .
there are medications that cost much more than 3 , 000 .
this is the smartest course . i do n ' t know if what i read was everything , part of the story or even a deliberate manipulation of the story for views .
hatred , ignorance and anger being silenced and driven underground resulting in an actual crime when it bubbles back up ? drive 20 miles north from norman to see the memorial .
what ? you have to press a button on your keyboard . your entire computer is an integrated screenshot function . what is this ?
i think only for the sth pre - buy .
a lot of people get grossed out by eating something that was once alive , feels , etc .
all of their best players missed significant time due to injury . it ' s not tanking unless it ' s intentional .
what ? a team with cousins and lowry as its top two options is not making any finals
may 8th is the uk release na is the 12th not sure about the gamestop issue .
dammit man , do n ' t remind him . or he ' ll put it in every vid , not just the ones he edits .
i said was my point not what i said . not my fault you read differently into it . i know some people ca n ' t detect sarcasm .
word !
praise gaben !
you can edit the name , picture , description , order , everything on the phone
i am out right now but give me around 15 - 20 minutes and i should be back home .
yes it is but i did n ' t see it posted here in the subreddit . plus , the rsi message banner across the top of the website was updated this morning to point to the forum thread again .
i think the dark features of the furniture really complement the overall surroundings of the room .
the guy an asshole , he certainly was n ' t stupid . science is science . if it passes and checks out it ' s good regardless of how awful the person is contributing it .
chosen by the button to receive our glorious number . the color is irrelevant to us .
you can avoid taking fall damage from jumping the wall by having 3 or more bars of strength . your strength stat affects fall damage .
cool . i ' ll be floating around first base seating .
you ' re fucking forgiven
horse never makes it to fight night . : c
haha i ' m always dumb and make spelling mistakes or whatever in the evening .
it can be used for general every - day kind of math , science , history , and english .
he ' s kidding . prophet muhammad ordered men to please their wives and to not neglect them and not to have sex like animals .
i ' m from alabama , i know how we talk .
i spent ten days there in 2011 and had a great time . you can definitely get a good feel for the area . make sure you do some hiking .
i have not been in the us yet . to be honest i have only traveled in europe , but i am planning to go to the us soon .
i think half of the people on reddit are high , me included
its medicine , he should be allowed to use it . end of story
confirmation . burgers are the favorite food of italians
i ' m literally coming from chicago , but i ' ll always be from kc .
i do n ' t shake until it ' s heated , and it usually works out - though i do n ' t usually go that full , slip of the old siphon .
waiting to hear back from them on that , figured i would make an attempt to see if anybody was interested early in case they turn me down on it which i think they might .
thanks for the hilarity here , we keep , laughing at your post !
can confirm . i own one . its got a stand , strap and horn . very good for the price .
oh , fuck off .
it ' s not like a lot of android phones where you pop the back off and swap the battery out at your leisure . it ' s not technically considered replaceable if you ca n ' t do that .
sometimes i forget to turn my mic off . last time i was listening to i and i only realized my mic was on when one of my friends started singing along
the emperor ' s soul by brandon sanderson is a good bet . less than 200 pages , moves quickly , very intriguing with an interesting premise .
because gender equality should be the norm . why do women get to have the good office job lol .
i ' m surprised nobody brought it up sooner , it was such a beautiful pass !
there ' s gotta be a line somewhere .
that is correct information .
oh yes , i may as well put blood type and ssn too because those are the best ice - breakers to get out of the way ! xd
yeah , i know that it ' s a limited variant . i was asking if anyone found one , to place were it should be on the rarity chart .
he ' s just insane at the game with 0 practice . he hardly even plays and shows up destroying . the last time he went to esea lan as a standin and was statistically the best player at the lan .
works well as a multitasking screen though ? nice colors and all ?
she , but yes , yes this is what i meant . i hope she does n ' t end up looking through screens for hours to find it .
they ' re almost always absolutely impossible to see . after you spend five minutes looking around to see where they even managed to hide it .
i grew up in a big city and it was just as strange to expect back then too .
ok . what is a fair price ?
thanks for answering this , it ' s a shame the question went the way it did then .
if you do n ' t even work there and you look annoyed , walk really fast , you end up looking very busy
no kidding . shit , he got benched for some rookie against us this year , and we did n ' t even make the playoffs !
i always saw pure socialism as a cooperative libertarianism .
ohh , yeah , there it is , i just simply did n ' t noticed it
oh sorry , is been months since i ' ve played , and i was wondering what reddit thought about the loch change . i forgot that i was reading an old thread .
a true artisan has bruised hands from years of hard work , and as a result feels no pain .
dl the current version , run the installer and select the overwrite option .
ooooh , sounds familiar , like something i saw on a food network show .
it is not legal to offer free shipping ?
no but they just cost a lot more than they are better .
looking at the time on phone : reach into pocket , pull out of pocket , press button , look at the time .
it ' s super simple stuff
why put money on them if they are free ? just let them build stuff !
was n ' t aware he was broken .
the gpu and cpu are the basis of your build , you should always build around these two .
i do n ' t think it beat frozen yet , or iron man 3 .
go home and be a family man !
i ' ll hold off for now . oot is very highly valued and i ' m still playing diva . i ' ll let you know if i change my mind though
15 pen is half of a mages defence , that ' s a big deal . its super cost effective , but awful for item slot effectiveness . the thing is , mages rarely 6 slot so it becomes a whole lot better
there is probably at least some kind of formal written agreement given the formal arrangement related to pto hours . an employee can be both at will and have an employment contract .
i want to give you gold but i wo n ' t because i ' m a cheap motherfucker . that ' s right , i have the money but i ai n ' t gonna spend it on you .
would you care to explain why ?
i have n ' t played it yet , still waiting in pc , but i completely agree . from what i ' ve seen the whole map is very well made . ca n ' t wait to see how they improve the graphics for pc .
dude it ' s a kids movie based off a children ' s book , not pulp fiction .
thanks for stopping by . a big part of me is hoping you guys get the title you have coming to you soon .
ya know , years ago i thought people would stop all these challenges after i heard about people collapsing their lungs trying to do the cinnamon challenge .
i ' d say he ' s probably the 3rd ranked heel on the show , and is probably the most legitimately hated guy on the roster for the right reasons . this has been the best stuff of his career .
you ' ve never had sex yeah ?
fuck off . if we advance , wait till we face montreal .
i know what you mean . i do n ' t really blog anymore , but when i did , i never want family or friends to know about it because then they are just gonna pester me about it and give me shit .
you show a garbage level of promise .
yes . plant . wait a week .
i ' m not upset , i ' m just saying it ' s not really that funny , or accurate , of a joke .
nah , you ' re the one who ' s a bitch . stop trying to turn this into a pity party for the browns .
if the student says please have sex with me , then yes it should be ok .
you have n ' t played any recent bioware games have you ?
like a 3rd of the population has n ' t graduated highschool so that ' s kind of a lot of people
spice is n ' t a flavor , it ' s a sensation from stimulating nerves .
i ' ve never seen anyone who does and i ' ve played with a lot of different people on this game .
i think it is the most disgusting part of the human body !
ah ! i started in 2012 . who did you play with ? goons ? bob ?
he ' s not bound to only playing as jig , his best match in the set was with ness so how can you make that argument ?
you do n ' t have to be a hermit but you do need to learn to start things early , take breaks and practice . cramming is a horrible thing to do also , if you are doing that stop it immediately .
but that was in the past .
you lack self reflection , brah . you are most definitely making as many assumptions as us all .
will see , need to sell what i have first and foremost .
michigan has the worst road in the nation . hands down . lifelong resident . motor shitty - ftw !
it ' s a pc part did n ' t you know that ? it adds more digital ram
i played growing up and for a couple of years in high school . i quit when i got into the arts . i did n ' t have time for both . i miss it a lot though .
weaver bugs were amazing . tree owls sucked massive dick .
because they wanted to show the same kid with and without a helmet . much easier to shop it on than to shop it off .
sure we do . i do . many people i know do . my dad always does because he does n ' t want me to go through what he went through , experiencing a losing team .
i ' m seeing that now ! i am behind on the times and even this one kinda blew my mind
its a spite thread against the hp verse , and i ' m an advocate of their power . i think the hp verse is probably high street tier at least , maybe mid tier . galactus something else .
black bears can be very aggressive . i have a friend that was mauled , eaten and killed by one . trust no bear .
when you ' re number 1 you do n ' t need to worry about such things plus they ' ve got basically every culture in their own backyard . so they ' re automatically experts or ireland and italy
this sounds like a good idea . take away her ammo .
we will partition the world in to vietnamese and norwegian provinces , and we will have the greatest welfare state the world has ever seen !
dr . light
it ' s just not fair to not include idiots into hypothesis ' s . you have to account for at least half .
if the current 4 piece bonus becomes a 6 , monks will suck big time . i hope the 6 piece bonus is just something that adds to the set .
richest person in the world . figurehead for a globally omnipresent product .
that settles it , time to buy my wife a boob job .
what ? this time 2 races ago he would be being lapped by a williams .
sadly it is male , but i have a 5iv female you can borrow if you ' d like
i have an orgasm party at my place this weekend . if you ca n ' t come - please , let me know .
do they judge the ending by how many jewels and items you pick up or is it by how many layers of armor you wear on completion ?
however , bday rewards might eventually be worth more than the 800 gems for a new slot . currently , i would say it ' s probably safe to delete , but you never know .
that ' ll be weird if you said due to the time zone , the game started yesterday . haha would be strange if reality worked like that
lol 20 for 2g ? live in cali my whole life and ive never heard of such a rip off . i get ounces for 180 - 200 of club grade .
no idea i plucked her yesterday !
or it could be the father is the one with special needs . why are you assuming a woman wrote this ?
if cunningham did n ' t have to play with two empty spaces he would look a lot better . i like him .
i did n ' t care 23 hours ago . because this is n ' t the same circumstance you ' re trying to equate it too .
poor as in not wealthy ?
no , it ' s got a lot !
damn dude , did you have to add the last line !
i do n ' t get it . everybody clearly had an issue with the sc cop shooting and everything else but say one bad thing about police in a comment and you automatically get downvotes
think of the money !
meh , worst case scenario she brushes it off . it ' s an awkward thing , but nothing too bad .
yes it ' s incredibly easy to get a driving license in india , but come on !
all 3ds games that i have come with a case , whether it is the original or not is the question .
and apparently do n ' t know what a capital letter is . you should probably stop criticizing others until you get your own grammar in order .
so , do they stop twitch from ever broadcasting csgo ? law does n ' t work in a way they can stop twitch exclusively from broadcasting some tournaments while allowing others .
pre - release code is unleashed
are you sure its the top one that has hairworks ? i think the hair on the bottom pic appears smoother .
if you watch it long enough , his sun - glasses turn purple .
it ' s the fact that he makes it seem like a normal thing to give your child your credit card just because they ask for it .
if it falls to five i ' m trading myself to the grizzlies .
the speed the disc is read at is reduced because of old age , so if you ' re looking for full speed disc reading , you ' d be best getting a blue ray player or a player with a high write speed .
i ' ve heard so many good things and this one is in great shape . the leaking head gasket thing is what i ' m worried about .
he ca n ' t be fired at the end of the season because his contract is up after this season .
you should read about the cops there . its all up in the news .
most people do it for free you know .
is this really me agreeing with a blackhawks fan ? what is going on ?
maybe the tree was being a dick . everyone knows you just keep a fig or two handy in case the lord comes by .
thanks alot for the feedback , just as a question , what do you think i could do to try and improve myself or stand out from the rest
roy hibbert did last season when he dropped 30 on yall i could n ' t find anyone else to trash talk so i had to trash talk my own team
a rumor i ' ve heard is that his father was killed over his gambling debt .
i generally have my girls hair down and changed slightly to fit my current taste . i ' m glad i can change it on the fly when ever i want .
that is what i did , i ended up piling up clothes i was using frequently in the bathroom . still , i do n ' t see a great reason why it is conventional to have the wardrobe in the bedroom .
its just common sense really . you want to get by , you eat other peoples babies .
ohhh , you meant cpu . okay , my bad , when i saw amd i thought you meant graphics since amd absorbed ati not too long ago . whoops .
not even the religion of the titans ?
he is a diva , these guys get put on a pedestal all their lives and are never used to seeing the other side of the coin .
well the concept of reality checking is indeed luck based , so perhaps they just work well for you ?
did anyone set the speed to 1 . 5x ?
haha i know right ! thanks you guys she was very excited that you all liked it . great motivation for her .
thanks brother ! happy sale day !
hope your confidence will pay off , i think he needs a win now after 2 straight close calls . would be perfect prep for augusta .
if you use youtube ' s video editor and add text to a video ; the only way to save it is to create a new video with a new upload date .
so what do you believe they owe us ? it was announced at blizzcon as a major feature , and we got a tweet when they were pressed about it .
saying something does n ' t make it true .
no the boss room placement does not matter . ive had him spawn about the same number of times regardless whether the boss was on the right or left side
either tonight , or tomorrow before the exam . do you think it will affect my performance if i write it while past my peak ?
sure , send me a pm and i ' ll reply in the morning . i ' m heading to bed now . thanks !
if you ' re close to your mom , a mom is the hardest person you will ever lose .
how does one accidentally abandon one quest ?
if you ' re bored with your partner to the point where you ' d rather not hang out with them , then clearly there ' s a very large problem .
i was thinking it would be useful on the days you wakeup and do n ' t feel like working since there ' s no boss down your throat , lol . i know that feeling all too well !
the guy in the water may not know that . besides why would n ' t that work . water is a great conductor of electricity . it would connect the two prongs .
it ' s not a bad price but i ' ll think drop the jester ' s mask . i can pay you 165 for the rest . does that sound good ?
well , can they follow a simple rule no to yell positions or give hints to the players ?
it will make go more like cs 1 . 6 and that ' s what it should be . and kennys got kicked out of katowice because his team was unable to win enough actual gun round not that silly run and gun .
lmfao i can tell all you wanna do is make excuses for the black community which , i can assure you , does n ' t help for shit . this conversation is pointless
i love this expression . is that a canadian , british or australian thing ?
wait a few days , install , try on new skin , throw rock , miss , uninstall .
aww thanks , no i do n ' t . i just read a lot .
most people are children at heart ? lol
a lot of the doors and windows look brand new .
no please tell me more facts about his personal life that you know .
i never said they were a good place to work , but it answered the question asked . i personally would never work there . i enjoy my job too much .
am r4 case , can confirm .
pretty common , and this is hardly the only place on earth where this type of work exists . young people in silicon valley , wall street and the like will work similar lives .
do n ' t apologise , just rack off .
real fat ass women do n ' t run from shit cuz real fat ass women ca n ' t run fast
did you hear about the movie 13 sins ? they took the game to a new level
marvel unlimited has comics that are at least 6 months old for free ; newer ones you have to pay for , or wait for .
that ' s not true in all cases and change ca n ' t come about if something different does n ' t ever happen .
i did , so i have to keep falling and make it down to the bottom safe ? i keep dying ! ha !
a macbook pro . i decided to give up and never play this game again .
trouble is , if you do n ' t let him pay out before moving to the next room , if he pays out a spider you take instant damage when it immediately spawns in the next room .
just because it makes sense logically does n ' t mean it looks good in practice .
and why do it at all ? what ' s the point of not letting it rain in california ? why would the government let its most prosperous state dry up like a dead frog on a highway during summer ?
do n ' t know might be the difficulty setting that gives them a free settler at the start .
dammit mat . the one place i thought i was safe from you .
cool , thanks !
good point .
regardless of the number of games played ?
give him a game or two with the wings and he ' ll come around .
i feel this team ca n ' t handle the pressure , because this last games were awesome .
haha the weather is ok . it ' s gets nasty hot out here .
pigs are actually incredibly clean when given the choice . mud is their sunscreen !
short of catching a person while they ' re committing a crime , a vigilante has almost zero chance of being sure that they ' re targeting a guilty person .
it give bad reputation to pot users . showing that people who smoke pot do n ' t care about the environment .
so he ' s gone 10 - 21 all at baylor ? i guess it makes sense since the first 3 years we were a recovering dumpster fire . done pretty well the last 3 years though .
would you approve of this kind of behavior in general ?
it ' s what you make it . you have to claim all the responsibility . if you can do that , you can ride .
switch to that rba now ! the airflow loss is totally worth it for the flavor .
the day we are reviewing replays in football shall be a very sad day in my eyes .
lived in columbus my whole life , going to school and moving to seattle . i ' m here til june cause we ' re on quarters
so it ' s like stars that are automatically added from rank 25 ?
hope he can hit 3 ' s
tell me about it . lightning and high speeds in general in fiction is quite inconsistent .
it ' s a privilege to help music makers and lovers . and music . and love makers .
just double - checked and you ' re right , my bad .
alright if youre sure haha , thanks again man first person to pm me gets some free stickers sent to them monday
maybe there was boobs that way man . we do n ' t know .
pew uses 1980 - 1997 , which incidentally correlates exactly to the desirable 18 - 34 marketing demographic . i bet next year it ' s 1981 .
prometheus movie art etc .
this was about getting rivals into the same conference . either drop nebraska in order to bring in iowa , or drop iowa state so they can go to the big ten .
uh no . maybe where you work but in general i recall reading inflation has far surpassed wages over time .
usually bill graham events end at midnight , then insomniac said 2 : 30 , then they changed it to 1 am
can you give me the plugin that allows to see redditors name and flair for each upvote ? seems really cool !
what are you talking about ? this statement you replied to was an answer , not a question .
it did n ' t fix for me in 1 . 03 until i turned off the ability , saved , and reloaded .
oh i must of miss read the question well then the only other real options are linux or osx .
unless their credit is so ruined another black mark simply does n ' t matter
either way skinning something with a shit knife is gonna take a while , long enough to thaw it out . not including the friction required for it .
the movie is source code : p
absolutely . it ' s a topic i have seen on and off across reddit lately and i wanted to discuss some core technology and strategy around the topic .
do n ' t know , think i read it in a comment a while back . could just be bullshit .
check out running with rifles ! i play it with my kids , it ' s kind of like army men .
i thought indie go go used partial funding vs kickstarter where you have to hit the minimum goal to get any money ?
i ' m not even gonna argue with that logic .
i actually just walked into best buy and asked them there if i could pre - order it for in - store pickup .
we should start a snitch donation service . these new nations are too easy to pick on .
and that would be a bad thing how ? lol
so you ' re saying you ' d rather they leave a bug in the game that makes it impossible to progress past a certain point for the sake of getting the loading times faster by a week ?
18 in alberta , manitoba and quebec .
that last line makes him sound 12 .
you are going to try and smother us in your influence . we need no such thing , and with unity we will become our own masters , not puppets from a man in vienna .
that seems like something we ' d have figured out before we land .
it is a great movie , and vin diesel ' s best role .
that was only the second time in my life i rooted for alabama .
i mean i ' d wear a shirt with my face on it
it ' s just taking up space .
space vagina !
i have n ' t seen a dolphin taking a dump .
lol how are 1 frame links easier ? are you playing fighting games at 120 fps ?
came to post this , take my goddamned upvote
which is correct for almost every car on the road .
i wanted to flesh him out more but there is just too much backstory to work with , so i let the gun thing express his situation as a whole
thanks for the heads up ! some really good songs , in particular i really like loud pipes
i ' d so be hanging with you if this show was closer .
oh gotcha . i saw newish and thought you were a new fan .
nope . that ' s a result of bad early life experiences . bullying and not much of a social life in my teens combined with a strong feeling of not being really good for anything .
nah he was never actually my teacher so we were n ' t breaking any rules .
it ' s meant to happen on free talk friday , which goes up 00 : 00 friday , gmt .
if that ' s what it takes to keep this from being a distraction then not allow gay people . you would be surprised how often sex happens in the military
from the looks of it i ' d have to say it ' s probably white paint , or maybe a light gray .
i hope so . i was going to get the z3 compact but after seeing this and knowing i can buy it on contract i ' m pretty sure i ' m getting the s6 edge .
they ca n ' t stop eating , so they started making their own food .
i was going to say this . kam is the front runner but marshawn is the dark horse .
seeing as there were reports that the light bar on the controller was for the sole purpose of interacting with morpheus , i do n ' t see why not .
its so they do n ' t get separated or leave each other behind , dick .
one of the few that keeps earth alive , yes . star trek was always the optimistic scifi example to me , all is nice and warm , no dystopia to be seen , at least for humans .
i use this method too . i just round up to the nearest dollar , so i do n ' t have to worry about loose change .
has it ? shit , i ' m really out of touch with the jerk huh i ' m kinda happy about that .
oops ! meant 2 . typo good call sir . will edit .
full of awe ?
no drilling of the circuit board , you reuse the mounting holes that were already there to hold on the stock cooler .
what do you mean leave it ? just tell me whenever you are available for trade . i might be too . i am available tomorrow 3 . 5 hours after your specified time
not often i have the car , and therefore the radio , all to myself !
cap dollars are the important thing . this year brady is eating up 15 million of the pat ' s cap space , which is the important part .
the legality of it is n ' t the issue , it ' s the morality of it . like beastiality , legal in some place of america but does that mean you ' re gonna pork a pig ? no .
i listen to them while going to sleep . it ' s sometimes quite relaxing .
the only other country he ' s played in is argentina , which is n ' t in europe
you can be sure about what you want , i do n ' t really care
i meant pasting the test result into the product description .
nope . glass
i fucking hated that , there is a multi million dollar gym and a huge field 200 feet away .
oh hey , we both ca n ' t eat wheat . go figure !
depends if you have your cpa as well too .
no , it ' s many people upvoting the same opinions and comments enough times that i can refer to it as a single entity . its a community .
well , it ' s not like they can know in advance how the episode is going to be , but i do n ' t care , their money : d
haha no it does n ' t source : played a game today with a friend of a friend who was in our lobby .
because it ' s the same style of game and inferior . there will be people who run that in the ground .
it is , every word if it . i have no proof , but i do n ' t have reasons to lie either .
have you ever considered trying to not have one ? it really is n ' t that big of a deal .
norris cole has been to the finals every year of his career . who else can brag that ?
i suspected as much , but few fly while damn near everyone relies on a car . the masses would n ' t stand for it . it ' s just not practical .
shame we ca n ' t see the not - mild part .
one of us always falls for it .
hurts like fuck . but i dunno about fire . i know what i am doing . so most of the time it ' s not shocking
as a texan , if it ' s not new mexico , then yuck .
i have a lot of junk clothes right now , so that would be perfect . one day , i would love to be able to make my own dress ! and curtains !
the end ! the fall of bitcoin !
i think his limited schedule pretty much rules him out . it works well for his character but as for becoming the goat it hinders it
so she let you cum in her mouth ?
college ?
ca n ' t wait man , gonna be so good , see you there !
idk just down vote and move on with your life ?
the funny thing is that most feminists do n ' t truly understand what feminism is . feminism is more equal rights than women ' s rights .
would anybody notice if i broke the internet ? because they have n ' t so far .
the land is not his . the land is not his until making a peace . i do n ' t understand why you are able to give land to him , without actually doing it . it ' s like reserving land
ouch , rhcp is my favorite band .
if the tribe colors turn out to be correct i ' m gonna be sad i read that .
grocery stores are wonderful for that . i ' m in uni and work at a grocery store and still have time to get my shit done and skate .
why not ? cringey awkward teachers are common as hell .
hawks fan slinging trash ? take it easy half of your studs are jazz rejects .
its a special surprise deal . i wish i had gotten one in time . it was legit just a super limited time and quantity thing .
i have heard nothing but amazing things about these people . their customer service and food is awesome . hopefully they have your date available !
i mean , the hurt locker , generation kill , and green zone were all alright
he ' s the guy . quick look at history shows he ' s indian but wants to pretend to be hispanic to get laid . not sure why he thinks indian men are n ' t desirable .
they found him behind the couch last time .
anonymous is revolutionary and gg is reactionary . there is a difference . although there is a comparison to be made .
but you would probably get even more if you could get money from it . the lifespan of modding dota 2 would also be increased greatly .
alright ill let you know if ill ship them and go through with the trade . if ur still interested .
they should really just make all the toilets non - binary . i ' d be willing to bet that very few people really care if the person taking a shit next to them has a penis or not .
le downvotes ? reddit hates food now ?
to be fair , it has been 5 years since the last haruhi animation . and on top of that it ' s by a different studio .
thanks man ! i ' m glad you liked it : d if you can think of anything you thought was particularly good or bad , it would be a huge help if you could fill me in .
everyone i know says lost is n ' t worth it . that as the show went on it just got worse and lead up to the worst finale in tv history . thanks for the suggestion though .
there ' s a big price difference , so i might just go for the smaller ones then !
it ' s sad that many people are downvoting you for having that opinion . personally , i agree - the mask looks corny as hell .
i laugh at this statement ! you hate all who disagree with anything ? that is purely the dumbest concept ever .
i need to leave at least 6 months between finishing and starting a new game of portal or else its a bit too fresh in my mind . its not much fun speed running a puzzle game imo .
not the ones that coach football ?
as a ginger , i feel the opposite .
have a tattoo artist design and draw it . you will get a better tattoo .
i intend to leave the darknet in the near future , i really do n ' t give a fuck what people think about me . i ' m just warning people . i just happened to have a really bad 48 hours .
yeah , i ' ll probably use half the bag next time . unless i went wrong somewhere but a few chips were n ' t even mixing into the dough since there was so many .
nah , too busy . you get one or the other . if you have the goat head , it ' s regular function works and holds both rooms open .
not in germany . water cost more than beer . bring you own water bottle .
mister is getting pretty old in cat years , so i would n ' t be too broken up , but mouse needs to find a mate . because puppies !
you decide that . there are 3 tiers , 5 stars , and 8 slots to customize how you see fit
that ' s a fair point . i guess there is a fine line in some cases between aggressive goalies and interference .
i plan to have kids in the not so distant future , so i may look at a fixer upper in a nice neighborhood . i ' m pretty handy and i want the best for my future family !
nah , that was a separate trade that just happened to happen at the same time .
my local minor league team still has a dollar beer night once a week !
you do realize you can sell it before you buy gen 2 right ?
it drives me insane to not be able to repair the mobile command from within . there ' s six spaces for people but not enough room for a repair tool .
do you have a source for that ? sounds cool considering his interest in good ways to film stuff
story ?
why would you shoot a cop in the first place ?
japan ' s life expectancy is only a few years longer than the average western nation
hi , i just checked and going price seems to be 200 , so i have dropped it to that .
i have n ' t , but i just added it to my wish list to buy . i saw it mentioned further down and it looks epic . i ' ve never heard of it before !
what would that mean for our family ?
haha move him to ilb .
i found a lot of shops are willing to exchange as long as said piece was n ' t used . a receipt if any is helpful too .
it has to be his primary residence or the landlord has grounds for eviction .
naked skin concealer in light warm !
you ' ll damage the processor if you pull too much current .
i decided to change my mind and up vote you because you said you were sad that i down voted you yet you still up voted me , and now my laundry is clean .
well it all depends on your play time , i work from home so i ' m around most hours .
i had the same thought . this is primed for adding a modified parking assist to send the go , slow , and stop signals to this light .
hell yeah dude ! it ' s so addicting . last month i started my video game themed sleeve . ca n ' t wait till it ' s finished !
probably ! do they normally turn the feeds off at night when they sleep ? i ' m usually not up this late
i would n ' t know . mine crashes every time i open it .
you just regularly check the subreddit and watch episode promos . makes sense .
except joss whedon and anyone that takes people at their word for self - applied labels
to be fair , she is the oldest sister . just not the oldest child .
yeah but then you have to put a gay pride flag on the front of your house .
he ' s just a douche . probably one of the biggest in modern music history .
his fingers were still on the ball when time expired . it showed that in the review
mr pretentious over here . i do n ' t necessarily laugh at his jokes , but i find them amusing at the least .
ikea is n ' t allowed as a name in sweden .
well , i said one because we play swansea tomorrow .
more where you are going to plug the other end of the micro usb into , some tv ' s have usb ports or are you going to run a longer cable to another source ?
art can be like that sometimes . thanks anyway for your time .
you have to realize he ' s not just on test . heavy cycles , insulin hgh etc . but get your diet down and train smart you can make some heavy gains .
blonde and blue eyes but i do n ' t really have a preference
well yeah ? some people will cook that ribeye until it ' s brown inside . is that what the world needs ?
i just ca n ' t process this . as an adult i would think swimming would be easy enough to emulate just from seeing others do it . can you not even tread water ?
you really are hilariously funny . will you be my facebook friend ?
seems like you might save a lot of money by just ordering a case or five , haha !
go live in a different town ?
oh yeah . huge elder scrolls fan . awesome names too . very beautiful dogs as well when my so and i get our house we are looking to get a husky as well .
probably about three days . it took a single zombie hit to the head today and died - most zombies i shoot on sight at range and do n ' t engage in melee due to their bugged nature currently .
well , if you are going to play that game , proper training wo n ' t do it either .
thanks for your help ! i ' ll try getting some at the door
unborn , bud , mate , you ' re trying to hard right now . why do n ' t you just step down and make me mod
perfect , i ' ll wait for my message .
but it ' s disney . how do they not have the money ?
i know the feels from the army side . should have stayed . getting a hr degree but damn , it blows trying to deal with the general population .
gray size m , 9 . 5 out of 10
and yet tsm will be going to msi and they wo n ' t , thankfully . i ' m pretty sure tsm would beat them at this point . bjerg would stomp kuro and snowball from there .
are you sure about that because i had it the first week and the bonus palico ' s and a few dlc quests were available to download .
of course they will . if you apply and are accepted , it applies to you just as much as it applies to an 18 year old .
nope . works for hardware too .
i still respect it . still have edge friends . it ' s noble just does n ' t fit my life now .
no thanks man i have already owned that game . appreciate the offer .
i do n ' t think you know how dongs work
he was bm , nowhere near as ban worthy because of it , riot banned him for another reason , but its ok every top comment in reddit is true , because it has a lot of upvotes right ?
but how long for cock ?
hey look , a douche passing judgment without knowing the whole situation .
i am working a 16 hour shift and i am dying of boredom . i need something to keep me busy .
when i was young i thought it was a part of the movie , not just for 20th century fox .
i ' m actually looking to buy in dc ! where is this ? if you find a great contractor , would you mind shooting me a pm ?
i am as well ! i was n ' t a fan before vessel , so it ' s nice to experience the hype before a new album of theirs drops .
they get a home office markdown which is usually fairly small . the stores get x amount of money based on their sales class to mark down further
yeah , they were there , but not turned on .
no , one team is better than another . everyone wants to win , claiming otherwise is ridiculous .
it was called a strike , but the guy tried jogging to first anyway . ump was n ' t having any of it . next pitch fouled off , one after that was a ground out to end the inning
i did n ' t read the legend correctly .
it did . they released the handheld version of it .
they both have really low war preferences though , they may end up allies for a long time
glad to be of help !
this , the blue layer is n ' t tell - all anymore . hell the water test was made ineffective years ago too , and the bend test has been getting much better
i want the whole team playing like that . get pissed . get intense and focused .
not a clue to be honest : p given how many people have messaged me about it i expect there will probably be some bidding
the blues brothers . watch it .
struggle is real man .
driveclub is n ' t very good , i saw the weather effects and i bought the game straight away , but the weather effects do make it hard to see where your going but they do look amazing .
same here , maybe put in into the house without them noticing . that sure make my parents day .
this discussion has never had anything to do with any team ' s fanbase . you made a bad joke and now you ' re just very confused .
not in chicago it wo n ' t .
np . magic is a very literal game . if the card says something , then it means exactly that . if it seems like it should work , it usually does .
i ' d be happy to but he insists on sharing his shitty opinions in the press so i am kind of forced to judge him
you ' re getting downvoted as you did n ' t call it football
there is another open house this sunday march 1st ! it was great , learned a ton from them and great people .
i would n ' t say great , at least not at wal - mart . they do sell okay but they need to rotate the stock better .
chinese stream do n ' t pay ad per view .
i mean vision range of the enemy , since you ' d still have to count of the circle is on your own soldier
what if it only gets you rick flair ?
what ? then why was he a ghost ?
so you are n ' t good enough to help her therefore she is useless ? are you god ? are you even a professional therapist ? what makes you the be all and end all of helping people ?
and what about the other two days ? are you a commie on weekends ?
blue jeans , which still had a large amount of dye in them apparently , and i did n ' t put them on wet , but they got wet .
funny , i thought it was satire of people inferring guilt from anything and everything adnan ever did in his life .
they have but we ' re talking about the iron bowl and the georgia game . i just like tradition ; let ' s just agree to disagree .
nah . mania should end with a real match . not a stupid cash in .
this is encouragement , which is the opposite of fat hate . i ' ll show you out .
while driving and plowed into a family of 5 , killing everyone .
i did the same thing .
we really do n ' t need to compare retracted studies and actual science .
it ' s just that sadie ' s mother was specifically called out in past episodes so it seems more likely
it ' s for free
round just does n ' t make sense for screens !
so i can ask the dealer for specific cards ? or do i just get whatever ones come out ? what do you call that ? luck ?
ouch . well , i guess taper candles are fun . i ' d recommend against anything colored red . it might melt up your butt , and then the next time you poop , you might think you ' re bleeding .
on the plus side you never had a clutch player to lose in the first place !
no , on the ne coast . still , a good chance it ' s fake tho . i wo n ' t buy without testing .
based on the information in that article , that seems accurate . you could contact international care to confirm that .
the sounds my car makes worry me , so i turn the music up .
reddit detectives hard at work .
that ' s what it ' s about now and for me it ' s little more than a reason for another awkward family dinner but anyone that wishes to celebrate christ is free to do so .
i will not play any game , i will use it only for video editing
did n ' t do anything at all . wear it while working out , wash it under running water immediately after with no soap . lightly dry it and then let it air dry . that ' s about it .
ya , as someone who just moved here from cali never complain about rainfall . take all you can when you can because not having it is far worse .
no , a 175 or 150 would be the right size , 300 would be much bigger . its not a large boat , plus , the writing does not have 2 like characters in a row , and the first is for sure a 1 .
heavy is the head that wears the crown .
had to sent the old drive back , but they turn around ans ship a new one within one business day .
on the other hand it does n ' t really matter for anything except the last episode . while watching the series , you already get the idea that it does n ' t really matter in the end anyway .
not if he brings him back to the future . would probably mess up wells of course .
dank memes are second , galaxy is third . get your facts straight .
you ' re generally supposed to call them women if they are currently doing hormone therapy
same here . i used to brag about it quite a bit but things have definitely gone down hill in the past few months .
i work at a private educational institute . very traditional and conservative .
it ' s been easy to take down the tank for ages now .
the atmosphere of earth leaks out into space lowering the radiation . it can be argued that no living human has ever left our atmosphere .
you might want to rethink your career plan . other than that i wish you the best of luck
i bought mine on purpose , ignored it on purpose , and then lost it by accident .
ah , good to know . i ' d be so pissed if my university stocks up on japanese manga right after i graduate , lol .
people who have n ' t supported a bad team yet who think they ' re giving kind words for 500 , alex .
how about you stay out of range and no . his late game was never the problem
sheild is supposed to answer to the un security council so that can still be the case .
yeah that sounds super interesting . would love a link to a news article
i agree , we are working on that now .
i ' d prefer the knicks to acquire young assets . whether it be free agency , the draft , or trade . love lawson but would rather hold onto the pick unless denver sent the seventh pick with him .
shit . i think they know charlie .
that ' s tag - worthy . but with what i changed yours to earlier , it just does n ' t quite bit it .
we ' ll see if i can hold off on this dying motherboard long enough . i can promise my next motherboard will definitely not be gigabyte though .
desktop computer with a standard 7 . 1 card . just the 6 3 . 5 mm jacks . i do n ' t know what you all need to know .
agreed , quite a shitty place to live in . just gross .
i bet horses taste way better than camels . i had some camel when i visited australia and it was really tough and did n ' t taste very good . kangaroo and emu were pretty good , though .
that ' s why i like to wait until the first or second day to post . sub rules are still the sub rules . just wait until tomorrow to post and you ' ll have your response
this is my dream . i just moved to a new place and have yet to get a good nights sleep .
around this time last year . i met with a couple who sounded like a good match and settled everything with 3 other grad students in july . took a little time to weed out sketchy people .
as a special snowflake any form of heat verbal or otherwise is triggering to me and may cause a meltdown . please edit this comment to a funny cat picture , and please , no mixtapes .
you need to be able to tap the map to jump to your teammates though .
lol , the game gives you 20 hours max , the rest is just replay doing the same thing over and over again . but fanboys be fanboys , thanks for the downvotes .
sweet , but nothing like pepsi . not really a ginger taste . it ' s tough for me to put my finger on .
how is he going to back it up if the content does n ' t exist anymore ?
that shit can take months depending on how long she ' s been smoking .
get a little more informed , because you sound a little ignorant of the facts .
but the thing is , you do n ' t think it ' s weird to put ketchup on a hotdog right ? it ' s just because you ' re not a fan ?
because they have pretty much proven they can already . we have had two mcu films a year for basically two years now
so then why would they show him dead in the preview a day later ? i do n ' t understand trailers
you clearly do n ' t even read the sidebar .
3 point shots are worth a lot when you make them in bunches .
kek but i should stop copy - pasting the descriptions from the other threads i made , since that is just lazy on my part
oh , well i ' ll keep an open mind about it then . hopefully i ' ll end up enjoying it .
pc users ? wait , which platform are you talking about ?
zona ' s field is so gorgeous at night
it ' s more about the ease of access and that you can easily watch on any device in high quality . it ' s worth it for its relatively low price .
well if you want to make it like the actual air force as far as combat roles go afaik the ratio would be all : 0 .
i ' m talking about your original comment saying people accuse you of thinking you ' re special when they find out you ' re a woman .
you ' ll have to apply your own critical thinking . i ' m not going to hand feed you .
the side bar ? what ' s that ?
rogue squadron was n ' t established until after the death star wars blown up at the end of iv . as to when between then and vii the film occurs is anyone ' s guess .
my grandma ' s much the same . i would n ' t have any hope to actually get her to play a game . neat thought though .
that would work if that group of people was n ' t in reality an extremely tiny percentage of the population .
it does when rs3 players constantly come to an oldschool subreddit , a game which most of them do n ' t even play , just to troll .
that ' s not an opinion . that ' s a fact . it would be a form of discrimination if there was a wage gap , which is illegal , and anybody suing their company would easily win .
the 640 is coming really soon , and the lumia brand has a strong tradition of releasing lots of phones in the budget and mid - range segments , so it ' s quite safe to assume there will be more .
cider reigns supreme !
i ' m not sure if she ' s going to grow 11 inches in the next few years . her height is more important than her age imo .
that was of course entirely sarcastic . sarcasm in response to flippant statements and petty personal insults hardly qualifies as trolling imho .
if you stay as arcane just stay at maximum range and use arcane blast against them . it starts off week but powers up a lot by the fourth spell .
i ' ve seen a man put his entire head inside a vagina . there are girls out there he could fuck . just few and far between .
cool , what level are you now ? got a skype or curse ?
he shoved the gun deep inside a walkers head to use the skull as a silencer . he shot a zombie
i do n ' t want it in the city , just in the general area , but far away from any civilians .
i guess i just really enjoyed the beat .
a traitor ? a double agent ? bisexual ? i do n ' t have the answer you ' re looking for .
watching a young team pull it together and hold an nba team to 66 points versus watching your kid actually connect with a pitch and knock it out of the park ? pretty damn close
i ' d love to see a president cry after congress cut their budget . fat chance of that ever happening .
that ' s the name of this type of pear , an apple pear .
exactly - i do n ' t watch soccer so it ' s fine if you you do n ' t watch football . seriously .
ah , cases of bad timing .
unfortunately i ca n ' t leave siren . all my friends are on siren and i do n ' t want to ditch them .
in the fridge , duh
really ? here in new england , both steel reserve and st . ides come in plastic bottles , where the rest are still glass bottles .
i ' ll post it earlier next week , i promise ! we ' re here every tuesday , with a different lineup every week .
i was gonna post a discussion thread about that in a week or so . unfortunately , discussion on these boards is a bit lacking today
i ' m glad you have a happy ending to that story !
to be fair , the fans also had military training . you can see them at the bar in beard ' s first mission .
yes . you need to work on your self - loathing and professional victim skills before entering the land of free food . there are lots of good tips about this on tumblr and twitter .
well , they had a bunch of other plants that they already bought . i do n ' t think they ' ve built a traditional power generation plant in years .
i hope so ! i guess i was pretty happy to even make it to the play - ins this year as we easily could have gone straight back down but it was still hard to watch at times .
then you ' re a shitty person .
there ' s a mod for pe that let ' s you see better under water . it ' s super useful .
they did n ' t say it was a big deal . they simply shared an interesting fact and i think it ' s a great addition to the sub .
and here i ' m still using 35mm film for that 70s feel .
i already have very few social relationships , i ' m halfway there !
you should n ' t need to give a reason , if you ' re taking vacation . tell them you got a great deal on a cruise , or something .
well , what you did was clearly a lot more damaging to the community . you possibly ruined a public park for everyone in the city , while she only tried to kill one guy most do n ' t even know .
can confirm this confirm , hired me on the spot during my job fair a few years ago . go early , bring resume .
i only screen cap ' d the first photo . i thought it was funny . if she matches me i could show more .
maybe that ' s why i have what i have ? i never said i could n ' t afford a pc . i did pc gaming for nearly 20 years . just do n ' t ever tell me it ' s cheaper , lol
skipping on egg whites ?
edit : thanks for the kind , gold stranger !
my god ! i miss that game . i am going to buy an xbox just for it
2009 cleveland state ?
thank you for being able to understand me . means a lot internet stranger !
google image search makes this game an instant no for me . lol thanks for the suggestion though .
hey uh , maybe put one in singapore ? us asian players need some love .
feel free to ask any more questions !
that ' s your opinion . mine is that male allies ai n ' t shit and if you do n ' t have a uterus , you should shut up about it .
no , i ' ve had my defend nwa shirt for that . i felt weird wearing cbj gear for the hawks so they get ohio state .
probably a dumb question but what is this pack limit you speak of ?
just give him a shot , or 30 seconds of promo time to do something and a match with someone who is n ' t going to destroy him . him vs . seth could actually be cool , obviously seth would win .
i still think get him the ball and have kam on offence running behind him is money every time .
wrong , there are many places in the world where human rights laws are not upheld . there are also many people who have their rights violated even in 1st world countries .
but what do you do when people are talking about night clubs or other common social events people with social anxiety do n ' t usually go ?
strange outlook you two have on life .
a week from saturday there is one in pittsburgh and a month after in lima ohio as well so a couple alternatives for ya . going to all 3 myself
you could n ' t be further from the truth , my friend . read a bit about how the movie was made and you ' ll see that it is as faithful as it could possibly be , and just as excellent as the book .
tough to believe the esports of sc2 will survive a long time without a base of casuals playing it .
one can only hope !
put them in the car and drive .
he ' s a guy .
definitely going try adding the fake shot , i try passing a whole lot more against those players , my aim is n ' t the best though
i also clean before using . you already have to get it wet may as well wash it then ! when i tried to remember to wash it after using it , it was n ' t getting washed very often haha .
yeah that ' s where i sit . does n ' t matter , they have tv ' s up there and still a perfect view of the ice .
sonic got a new one based of his level complete animation in sonic generations .
i wait with anticipation !
no one is saying he ' s a super villain . just kind of an asshole . which was true . do n ' t resort to hyperbole and exaggeration just to try and twist the argument in your favor .
fuck , i live in the uk , and not even in a major city and i ' m the same .
that was my only intention , and motivation . i never earned any money , or free ids while managing it .
i really wanted to find a typo in this .
i ' m not clear what lacked sense initially and makes less now . if you can clarify that perhaps i can make sense of things
alas i cannot make judgement on that , im from the uk . so if i wander around with a gun in the air i expect at least a confrontation with the cops .
and if it is his , there is probably some very pressing decisions that need to be made on the baby ' s behalf . and i ' m guessing those decisions ca n ' t just wait until after the draft .
they work ! you ' re making great progress . i hope i can post inspiring pics like that one day .
if they ' re rich enough to matter to emirates they can just ship it separately .
how does that make you feel ?
plus you ca n ' t beat that view of everest from the back seating area of flame tree .
no . he just called me a poo face .
my guess is there was a screen that you ca n ' t see in the shot and he was telling someone to go under it
as another rural resident that does n ' t paint the city as a place full of drug addicts , please do n ' t paint all non - city residents with a broad brush .
no , it ' s by the bed leasing though so we went with the cheap option , which was sharing a room . definitely regret it .
yeah , our cricket teams gone down the shitter rather badly .
neither . started watching sports in 2005
oh my goodness , this is ridiculous . i said you could travel without a car , period .
you ' re doing yourself a disservice by not offering feedback on the alpha . play it , judge it , give feedback . if nothing changes , that ' s the time to walk away .
which is why it ' s limited to just one brand of car ?
he means the foul is n ' t called on the legend who is committing the hard foul . i guess this is semi - realistic with no calls on superstars in the nba like lebron and kd , etc .
i ended up driving here , and it was n ' t that crowded . the main hills were a lot of fun , and there were also some cool places scattered around the park .
1997 , almost 20 years . and it went flawlessly so far !
thanks man !
yea i thought this might be the case . just figured i would ask because i had n ' t seen it discussed and it was interesting .
i ' m like the big mean scary girl that beat you up but got away with it because she ' s a privileged woman and you ' re a man who does n ' t have any rights .
please stop exposing the secrets of the business , salem . you ' re ruining the magic .
nah he ' s only got one more year after this . i ' m betting we ' ll just de - list him and pay it out anyway , ala jack anthony .
yep , and this was a good and somewhat safe road to do it on . almost completely straight for miles and there was n ' t a single other car on it .
fap away son this is what everyone is hoping for .
what a good point . the hypocrisy . too hard to get an id , and too costly , so let ' s take away work hours on that day , and force them to transport themselves to a voting booth .
the random button .
i do n ' t see what valve has done wrong here ? everything posted is assumptions about how they work and what they might have done . all we know is some bots got banned .
that ' s a poor argument , you can say that about almost anything in the fast food industry .
no you ' re thinking of jersey girl . chasing amy is a classic .
haha ! yep . small social media world . buddy of mine posted it last night ! it took is about 15 minutes to do it because he kept waking up .
there is a final boss in minecraft as well , even has credits afterwards . the mods add the replay value imo but i still do n ' t mind punching trees and square wood houses to start with either .
i ' m pretty sure you just made me a better snapper .
i think the best matchup you can have is against magnus . you can destroy him in lane phase than make his life hard in late with your ult and passive .
no problem ! happy i could help even just one person !
i already have photos of my kids and cats , so i ' m practically professional . i ' ll just ask my web designer to borrow some other photos to show what else i ' d be capable of .
the tail i did after , but the main part i did before
it ' s a cartoon show for fuck ' s sake
i have n ' t got to drive her yet because of all the snow . i cant wait to feel the difference . also i bumped up the boost a little too .
i did make it fullscreen but it still does not work !
1 . god is n ' t real . 2 . if you ' re a true believer you believe that god is in charge of everything . which means that anything we do , he intended us to do .
can you give a source for that ? bvb is pretty much a mainstream club with fans from all corners . i do n ' t recall them having a statistically higher proportion of racist fans .
the seemingly lack of instant action and space battles kinda killed it for me , the rest was gravy on the shit sandwich .
blog . us . playstation . com you can see the ps store update on tuesdays as well as weekend flash sales .
i ' m sure it would have , his cannon was poking out a little bit . i honestly did it to pester the other guardians a bit and have some fun in a game that has otherwise lost its fun factor
no , it ' s definitely white and gold . looks fabulous op !
why do you keep asking this ? the thread is about murder , not manslaughter . they are two very different charges .
lasted 42 weeks for this lot , can handle a month
to be honest i ' m more concerned about than the cum . eating cum soaked bread would make me throw up , sure , but you could actually get sick from all the shit on the floor .
buy an orb of venom . murder them with overpowered super ranged auto attacks . slowly .
the more people use it , the more money they will have for purchase rights . fingers crossed that this is the catalyst .
a well sharpened knife is actually much safer than a dull one .
road color changer , american roads .
there are other poor asian countries besides china .
but you specified a height requirement . how ' s it any different ?
classic anglo oppression . california hates the french confirmed .
it ' s always the rear . i do n ' t think i ' ve ever had a flat in the front .
i meant the bird itself is lazy .
it ' s such a long drive .
cod : aw was a pretty good port , though . was just a cod game at heart , but the f respects thing was sort of funny .
but what if your win condition is the last card in your library and you had an odd number of cards in your library ?
again , i understand . after it becomes law , the supreme court will do nothing . i ' m not sure if i ' m unclear , or you just really want to correct someone .
you only need 10 insight to unlock the vendor . defeating the second boss gives you enough if you found some madman ' s knowledge .
usually during the night after i ' m done work . i ' m on hawaii time . so pst
want to hear a clean joke ? the pig took a bath with bubbles .
speak with a deep voice in shitty light and you can make that a 7 . 5 easily .
sorry shoulda been more clear . i was talking about how people in general should n ' t really have a problem with it not you specifically
i think it ' s more people just do n ' t agree with her being ugly rather than being offended . i personally do n ' t think she ' s that bad looking .
it is odd . i have been to other industry conventions and they normally do n ' t work that way . but they also do n ' t normally provide free cocktails to guests so there ' s that .
think about how many stupid people have passed their driver test and they ' re fine on the roads . just learn to analyze the road . e . z .
let ' s all just praise the lord gaben to reverse this . i ' m gonna start lighting some candles now .
you ' d be a black guy with no soul ?
glad you like ; whole album is amazing , first track to last .
and only one power rack . it ' s pretty pathetic actually .
it ' s big enough for towels and soap bottles , not 11 year olds and shotguns .
worst possible place to throw that ball . put it in his gut or lower . leading him like that is just asking for a tipped ball to be intercepted or for the route to be jumped .
you are correct . i was in the middle of checking out 10 : 00 matches and it just stuck in my head
yup . played for like a week , after i realized the single player was mp without the p . did n ' t even bother finishing both campaigns i think .
i read somewhere that the majority of the salt is actually in the noodles , so the packets arent doing much harm
something with that much material would take far too long to use a soldering iron . an option is to get a roll of solder and a small torch to heat it , look up videos of soldering copper pipe .
i ' ve never really thought to check to be honest , i ' ve kinda never had cause to but i will from now on . lesson thoroughly learned !
probably the lamest reason for it though : that ' s his suit riding up in the crotch while vibrating .
fantastic news !
god give him a break even caesar got caesar ' d what do you expect from someone who rules rapists and murderers at the age of 16
it was n ' t my games , it was just some random guys flaming .
i am looking at his page right now and i see 1 - click still enabled
cool , i can trade on monday ! did i send you your proof on the previous thread already , or do i still have it ?
that ' s a shame , episode 7 has arguably the best hand drawn animation ever made . albeit the story is what holds it down .
actually i do speak for what people generally want and you ca n ' t truthfully claim otherwise . i will allow you to continue to lie in ignorance , though .
you can tell by the facial expressions on the boys , it ' s the default crying face used for background characters in bash street and other strips . disgusting .
yeah , i hear you . its a new season . i just hope it does n ' t take until to july to put together a win streak .
who says the wife did n ' t expect it ? maybe she was just hoping he ' d be better .
yeah that ' s probably it . what type of music are you into ?
there ' s 1 million dollars on the line . champs is huge for cod . they ' re not gonna risk messing something up when there ' s life changing money on the line .
if the alt ' s were all white i ' d still feel they were bad . we are n ' t the raider , s let them wear black .
did you read it ? almost every sentence is either missing some commas or messing up the forms of nouns . maybe the article forgot to mention she has down syndrome or something .
dae hate john cena the character but not john cena the person ?
cool ! i ' ve been confused about this for a long time , and this post was extremely helpful !
north jersey is either a city suburb and very active or a dead zone . sounds like you moved to the dead zone . i now have you tagged as garlic junior .
ass to mouth , climate change is sexy and we should fuck it . so many possibilities .
it depends on your friends list and theirs . calling people out on facebook is extremely unlikely to give the desired results .
oh right those . where it increases the level range . just never heard it called a god ring before .
i can see why people may not like him , but hes been a half decent mod so far .
i ' ve used android and iphone . the only downside of iphone is no sd card slot , but other than that i like it slightly better .
well , that ' s just your opinion , man . its so funny i just watched the dude movie today .
1 day old account ? what ' s that all about ?
not even remotely similar .
ah yes . the level - indicator becomes kind of useless when everyone in my friends list is 40 anyway .
fake poop , real puppy
any idea if that works on the xbone version ?
it ' s okay . i did n ' t have the coins to even get it . luckily i got it from the vault of glass . did you ever get it ?
they gave their lives for my country . rip .
in which case the slide could be considered to be misleading given the context it ' s presented in .
i agree i have it too . worth every penny .
but with only 1 dp slot left , how exactly would that work ?
dude , fisher never does anything like this on the ice . do n ' t base your opinion off this one isolated incident .
i was hearing that song in my head as well .
snow crash . it ' s one of the greatest books ever written .
blue .
it ' s the most popular for a reason : p
as a physician assistant , it also gave me a good chuckle . have an upvote , doc !
looks like the arrow pinned his wing . no point in the risk of wasting a arrow .
tbf , most teams made them look garbage in that period . hats of to brendan though , he ' s found his stride now .
i think the legal definition of assault is causing someone to fear physical harm , and battery is actually harming them .
canada is larger than the us . russia dwarfs all of them .
they sound similar in some of their lines , but not exactly the same .
do you need someone to talk to about this ? i can help you out if you want ! pm me .
if it ' s a valve server , there would n ' t be any medics to begin with .
what i mean is , anyone can create something that is absolutely unique and you can say that you ca n ' t buy anything else like it , it still does n ' t mean it ' s worth the price tag .
ya . it ' s only a red light he went through . stupid bitch . hope he did n ' t miss his coffee break over this .
just throw human death and suffering , that ' s how you get humanity ' s magic .
what state are you in ? i can tell you .
where are you from ? ya i ' ve heard the east cost is getting hit pretty hard . i ' m over here in washington and we have had the warmest winter on record . it ' s been great .
street date has already been broken in arabic countries . console players there can already play the game .
fair point , for some reason the last sentence flew right over my head , apologies !
we do n ' t have confirmation of that yet . it seems like it would work . if you want to give it a shot , let us know and report back .
i ' ve been using the baconreader app . it ' s not bad . some things do n ' t work , but the interface is n ' t that bad .
mid way through season 1 , i dont find it as exciting as vd
i ' m not talking about the games here , but game making . those big ole companies are in the game for a long time . then there comes a new small player and shows them how shit really gets done .
i ' m pretty sure i heard it on south park on that peruvian flute band episode .
hmmm . what would happen if i casually asked you out following the lack of initial question ?
must have had a gigantic pantry . are n ' t mormons supposed to store a year ' s worth of food ? that ' s a lot of food if you ' re talking about a family of that size .
no . no story will be worth the loss of a burrito
exactly , the worst part about burns is they actually feel worse over the next few days than when the initial burn happened .
that ' s awesome ! the only thing that does n ' t work on mine is the lock switch slider
and the part where he claims he thought he shit in the doctor ' s hand .
i least i did n ' t lose to a sounders or red bull fan .
jolly , ha with circle throw if thats okay ! if you want the female snorlax , i have one already in an egg if you ' d prefer that ?
yeah , it was fantastic . he played for 2 hours , and then radiohead played for 3 hours on the same stage immediately after him . hard to top .
i remember him being linked to arsenal when he was at reading . never heard about juventus though .
yes , they ' re called assholes , but when a rich guy does it , he ' s called a politician .
i have bad news for you . this game is going to be ugly .
how fat is he ?
seconded , it would probably be a great read .
i do n ' t understand how professionals can be so bad at it .
i hope to release a new version somewhere before or during the weekend !
from someone with a science degree , who works in it , thank you !
to cumbersome , to hard to get . i could get lots of stuff from my folks , and own a house , but we live 2000 miles apart .
like i said : it makes me wonder . not that i believed it or would present it as likely .
i ' ve just posted this on the steam forums , that you can change camping skills whilst camping . i never noticed this . definitely seems not working as designed .
probably should have held him out longer . he was bad the game before that and what happened should n ' t have put him in as much pain as it did .
it ' s awesome man lol
i would trust a convict with my wallet before i would trust anyone who would willingly have sex with me .
he was using a pad . poor guy . i would probably be worse lol
do you know if they still make them for psp ? that ' s what i used to play on years ago .
even if he ' s being an ass , you should n ' t flame back at him
it ' s a good thing you ' re here to stop fans from hyping up a fan favorite above the levels you deem acceptable
i think if i do n ' t want to get car insurance , i travel by walking or bike or bus . what if i do n ' t want health insurance ? suicide ?
you are talking about sex , not gender .
sadly i do not read chinese or any other form of asian .
when you have your own wikipedia page a lot of job hunting rules do n ' t apply .
how man do you want . pick i number haha
ill give a try , thx
most dogs would probably be scared shitless by that thing .
head , shoulders , knees and toes .
yes , but he did n ' t . he was stupid and the car saved him . we are n ' t applauding him , we are applauding the car .
that one catch at the : 20 mark was fucking insane .
i have not read that entire document yet so i ' m not going to develop an opinion on something i have n ' t read yet .
can you imagine the power we would yield ? hey reddit , my hr lady is a bitch . all of a sudden her world is invaded by 1000 farts
well that ' s something , it does n ' t hurt to have a positive attitude and find the good in it . my attitude toward lectures and its chairs aside i do learn a lot from those classes .
i ' m not sure if thats an upgrade or a downgrade . on one hand snakes are pretty cool , on the other hand that mouse is a killer .
i ' ve been super jealous for a long time haha
even yourself ? how much do you love your team ?
i was just stating it but whatever , thanks for telling me not to care about something
my high score was 9 . but normally around the 15 mark .
i had a music teacher in grade 8 , that used to smack talk pokemon and loved digimon . he learned how to play the theme song on every instrument in the class . dedication .
how so ? i ' ve only mentioned a single fact that ' s in the manga .
i hate islam . but i do n ' t feel comfortable with saying what it does n ' t say .
to be fair , it ' s not that hard to kill a cow . that ' s why we eat so many of them .
it could have been that he did n ' t have a reddit account until now , and decided he should make one to reply to this thread .
well the individual taking the other room will be paying less rent that us since we are two people .
yeah it does show up , but numerous people including me ca n ' t add it to the cart . it does n ' t appear after selecting checkout , i can add it but nothing shows up in checkout .
what happens if you hit someone with your pistol in self defense ? in all seriousness , would you get sent to the big house if you did use it in self defense ? or just get some firm words ?
ok , have to be very selective about the videos , but 8 - 9 isnt too young , at that age children are surfing for porn on the internet .
it was literally the only ipa i ' ve ever enjoyed . kind of weird , i ' ve tried so hard to like so many and that ' s the only one for some reason and now i think it ' s gone for good ?
really looking forward to the complete album now : p
surprised you could n ' t hear the fans at the stadium with your ears cunt
yup . unlike all the other empires throughout human history , china could n ' t get along with her neighbors .
i think the card backs and golden cards that are real money only in hearthstone usually come from promotions ; they do n ' t outright sell them in the store .
yeah , but it takes ridiculous amounts of energy for something with mass to get near the speed of light .
do you remember if they charged anything to diagnose the problem before actually attempting the repair ?
i do n ' t have to explain my reasoning for exercising my right basically .
so it ' s either a marketing team trying to save a shitty show and a shitty show magically turning into the best show on television ? one is definitely more likely .
also very common around the 30s in america . the pavement is just over what was the old road that did not need to be ripped out .
america . lol where do you live ?
is the game any good ? i ' m a fan of tycoon games and i ' d love to try it , but i would n ' t want to waste any of your codes .
league is pretty much won and we have a super important game against porto next week . also , it ' s not really a bad team .
right now it would be part - time , but looking to add more hours by the end of april and then it would be full - time .
still got the second half of et .
i got walmart to price match themselves in store .
in berlin and what is crazy is that germany scored their 4 - 0 goal when it was only 30 minutes left .
i set my own bed times . and i suffer from insomnia , so she ' s cool with it .
probably a miscommunication , if that ' s the case . i went on saturday and they straight - up told me zero . the employee seemed extremely uneducated , amiibo - wise though .
we ' re a better team now than we were back then too . it ' s possible .
we won , against playoff teams . game 17 we beat the nfc champs .
of course not , obviously i meant that it was a sad day for us linux gamers that could not play the fun game .
is it really though ? within the whole context of the song it is pretty obvious imo that this play of words is intentional .
really though , in a thread by a guy who does sixty second bursts of shadow boxing at the office , the dude who does it at the gym looks normal and well adjusted .
he never said it had to be big or expensive .
all american beer tastes like piss that ' s a reality i ' ll have to accept
me too ! i ' m not local otherwise i ' d make an excuse to bring someone has n ' t seen it .
when you win you just want to do it all over again .
seriously , it looks like a video game cutscene from 2 - 3 years ago .
lights from the things inside it .
it ' s a wonderful thing . i ' m never buying bread again . i ' ve been using it for sandwiches all week . maybe some grilled cheese and french toast .
i bought the last one on both consoles , i ' ll probably do the same this time : d
the market thread is based around trading techniques and ideas but i want to have a entire thread dedicated to investments .
sketched out by little italy ? yeah , just go ahead and stay away from baltimore city .
is the spot still open ?
i was fortunate enough to not have to deal with that . i mean , my parents wanted me out badly , but i had it easy .
havent fed them anything that did n ' t already come in the miracle grow soil , i ' ll get to that as soon as i switch them to their bigger pot
i caught them in salt lake a couple days ago . it was a ton of fun .
they are like 4 , 000 , 000 years old as a species . you think they would have learned sooner .
it ' s a great game now . you should consider giving it another shot now that you can find it cheap .
you still have to buy a special usb cable for it .
test drive one . it ' ll change your mind !
what we do in the shadows was excellent ! i just redeemed the previous offer on that a few days ago and have somehow been able to keep watching it even after the first 48 hours .
thanks friend . i feel on top of the world .
thanks for the offer , but had just been invited before this message . thanks again .
shows the current state in football if you have to commend somebody for getting straight back up .
and when you do n ' t use it at a range without permit or shoot someone it illegal right ? but if you hunt or shoot cans in the forest no one cares .
i think subs are gonna be huge too . tom and easyhoon change the game so incredibly .
this time , i read it right and you were funny .
same here , this is welcome news .
oh i remember some admin shenanigans where they would eject players disc tray by forcing a console command on them . scared me to shit .
if they were to do the lich though , he would have to do one of his bad ass death speeches like in escape from the citadel and gold stars .
ultra is 40 fps on 970 . havnt tested lower shadow setting
i think he discovered the distortion effect and was a lot more creative with messing around with it than the rest of us are when we first discover it .
no arrested development , i guess .
kinda sums up marriage dun it ? hahaha
you ca n ' t be thrown in jail , and if you refuse to do the duty of a public business you should n ' t choose to open a business , no one is forcing you to do anything .
i ' m still killing myself for seeing the ending before actually beating the game . definitely one of my biggest regrets .
forgot to add , transition was about a month , i went cold turkey on shampoo .
if you get into a team though would you not be interested in their history ?
sucking against city has been a recent thing . we ' ve shat the bed against united for like a decade .
well i promise to pick him every time coz he ' s adorable
it ' s not deep , just sad .
how many of those 70 are not felons ? that is the number normal people might give a shit about .
i ' m not a big gamer but man i love putting headphones in , turning up the volume , and just exploring . great game to lose yourself in for hours .
thanks man ! it ' s been life changing .
it happens . recently it has only been an unintended side - effect of them trying to fix other stuff . this week they said they were gonna make it so it does n ' t happen again unless intended .
hold on , can you wait till you get both of them ? so i can confirm both of them before getting you the code ?
they did n ' t call him mr . perfect for nothing .
so my point remains valid then : p
insufficient data for meaningful answer .
i find it boring because the theory is weak and sparse , it ' s more hands on and knob fiddling many would argue this is exactly why this is fun
that is true but it ' s still a gamble . personally i would n ' t mind him because i think he ' d work out . he ' s get his looks so he would n ' t get pissed .
taxes . federal money . just like all states .
how am i supposed to read a book while i ' m refilling my beer ? do you think i ' m some kind of sorcerer ?
more dense . and it fills the voids better than water bottles .
she tweeted once that reddit was giving her a big head when there was a thread gushing over one of her pictures .
i ' ve had german friends who have said otherwise . maybe its just an opinion thing .
after the games tomorrow .
yeah , but that was after most of a non - season of play , and he did win us the arizona game the season before that .
sure i ' ll probably trade with you . let me think on it as far as which i ' d want haha . where is a good place to meet ?
the thing about a high school diploma is that you can just say you have one and no real job will ever check .
then next time use what is a staple in the english language : paragraphs .
agreed , the cleveland on the front is almost showing pride for the city . its a hard thing to explain in text .
how is the mario golf community ? the game is on sale and i was thinking about getting it
changed . i would say changed . to me , fucked up means broken .
yeah , and coming into a thread with no intent other than to bash people still enjoying a game does n ' t make you any less of a douchebag . get a life .
player 2 color . hit the costume select button then select a costume and hit start instead of a or x .
wait ! 20 dollars can buy many peanuts !
it seems like it has changed quite a lot even recently . like it ' s less tangy now than even a couple of years ago .
sorry but ca n ' t expect the raiders to play on a baseball field forever ca n ' t blame the team for wanting to play in a legit stadium on a legit field
even before the goals he was very influential . the ball which sent suarez one on one vs neuer , dribbles and lot more , just in the first half .
naw man , a lot of us love rising
microwave is too far from my desk and i do n ' t feel like carrying a hot bowl for the 4th day in a row . and it still tastes just fine cold
well , it ' s just that they ' re both fbs teams and you asked about it being a grad school thing . just trying to provide an example where it makes sense even in fbs .
honestly , almost every moment of that movie just gets me hard as a rock .
this just seems too good to be true . i definitely hope the price stays the same . any idea if there will ever be a local sports package ? now that would be nice .
he is confused i think . cause he says dancing lessons but then talks about typical club dancing . so i ' m assuming he means grinding and what not . where do they have grinding lessons ?
but neither gun is situational .
what do you mean ? they linked to one news story on rt and a wikipedia page
yes . he ' s watching the game from the stands .
your flair is giving me mixed messages about whether or not this post is sarcasm .
woman . i have a dick .
if you do kill x targets bounty without dying and fall off tower it does reset .
personally , i like to see them . i just starting fba and posts like this motivate me . if you do n ' t like these posts , downvote and move on .
exactly . profit is profit , and to shareholders , that ' s all that matters because in the end , enough people will buy anything that is hyped , broken or not .
or in the atm for money .
i bet you ' ve done this but change fallout . ini to only use 1 core . the game can crash a lot otherwise .
word .
nah i put them up when i was much younger so i was dumb and glued them to the wall with superglue because i was sick of them always falling down . it worked !
dude . shut up and hug your girlfriend .
i think at this point i ' m getting confused as to what i hate the most . i ' ve been avoiding mixed rb by not playing it .
victory goes to the bold , son . you ca n ' t expect things to just happen to you in a public setting unless you make them happen .
i do n ' t care about the newspaper i care that a fucking maniac lives across the street .
good game , but the visual and input lag is awful for me .
i do n ' t know why i ' m trying to prove anything to a troll who does n ' t even attend this school .
sounds more complicated than real - life trucking . most drivers have little or no say over their route or timing . you just follow orders and listen to books on tape . good times .
3k . which is peanuts compared to the amount said battle pets will cost you d :
fell on my ass this winter . hurt my arm in the process .
chicken move like fucking dinosaurs . if you have seen free - range chickens and roosters interacting it ' s almost scary .
better than that show that drops locked cats in rich neighborhoods for the entertainment of poor black people .
right on the money . always good to get a quote from a few banks and then see if the subaru dealership can beat it . mine did .
why would it be on the 3ds ? majoras mask made sense because they made oot 3d before that . but i wouldnt see any sense to make a remake of tp for 3ds when they could use wii u
fuck you , turn my pages bitch .
i was talking about the driver that killed his friend .
thanks ! that means a lot considering how long it took me to complete it !
thank you very much ! : d the hardest part was definitely adding all of the bones . paint touch ups became tedious as well because the epoxy putty i use gives off a bad residue .
i ' d much rather have game breakers on the bench than someone who can kick goals
you should look into doing more things like this for other games . it formatted well and the writing gets what it needs ro say without dragging on . this gets a bitchin approval .
mine is in a month as well . steak and some nice whisky would round it off nicely . sometimes the simple things are the best .
yeah i see what you are saying . i just googled it and it seemed to be just like empire total war . great choice op !
i could n ' t find any posts about the search function when i searched for them .
yep . i grew up watching that and it might ' ve had something to do with it . that and honey , i shrunk the kids .
the thing is such a chore to grind out but once you have it fully upgraded it ' s awesome ! and thanks .
that ' s absolute bullshit that anyone with half a brain ' s knowledge of computer science knows is false .
probably even lower mac usage .
i think pgi needs to implement a salt shaker hanging cockpit item to go with the island item . hanging upside down , of course , so the salt is constantly flowing out of it .
sorry to hear , i ' ll have to take my business to a site that keeps decades - old data .
also , is there any guarantee that , if he does still sell engrams , they ' ll be sold for motes ?
because it is n ' t funny and i ' m not 12 years old .
the impact leaves a lot to be desired for me but the effect is pretty nice .
you kind of have to race into a server channel , in mumble , once an admin announces which one is starting up . it ' s hard to do especially as it fills up , as the first ten get to play .
most bend a bit to the left , typical would be 10 - 15 degrees , however there is nothing wrong with a straight penis or even one that bends slightly to the right .
me too . it ' s become the standard wedding gift from the parents in my family . it ' s not a question of if , but which color .
this game has hours of content and looks great .
well i ' m sure people will join reddit between now and next saturday , i will post it again on saturday that ' s okay right ?
yes ! i need some mass to my bread .
hate to be the bearer of bad news , but are you aware what country this is ?
by using his family name , for a business , that dates to the car company operating under a different name ? no . that is not what is happening here .
it may be that there will be something like it someday . but if they can hold out for a bit longer , maybe a better solution will present itself .
but she was a nice girl so yea .
blood does n ' t just shoot out or empty out like pouring a water bottle out .
and it ' s easy to justify them not being around by creating anger . well . easy in a twisted human condition type way .
yup , i ' m definitely growing mine back out
are you trying to prove my point ? jumping to such conclusions with no evidence . i ' m am a 35 yo male that has been in the military for 15 years . you were close though , moron .
well clearly , since you wo n ' t listen to us anyway . lol .
yeah , thanks . i ' m still confident i can get legend before the end of the month .
i ' m glad you have faith in the other party to not be influenced by big business . i do n ' t share your optimism .
of course he is but he ' s tottenham ' s talisman . i do n ' t watch him often so i was expecting him to really show up and try for his team . i was disappointed .
explain how half the posts on here are related to cn then .
are you aware of the stuff in your back that ' s a bitch to get hit in ? i would n ' t blame her for not standing for a while if it were , say , a kidney shot .
horse , meet carrot
and the guy whos pointing the gun at you . is he trying to defend human life ?
no . personally , i think its the reasoning . this person murdered this guy to create fear or to send a message of fear .
that ' s fine , but surely you realize that ' s a terrible argument against compulsory voting , right ?
yes we hosted our third round game against des moines in 2013 and lost .
no , miracles and the supernatural are taxable income : p
yes i know it is , im extremely scared
lots of people think more highly of animals than other humans . not trying to defend gervais but it ' s a pretty common sentiment .
luck was just on my side that day tbh , it was a clean foul tip to the mouth , i just remember feeling the impact and the blood pouring out of my mouth and being pissed that i got hit .
many accounts and i have lots of devices . i had earned about 3k last year , then i hit a lot of hiccups . now i buy devices and pay my friends for the phones to run at their houses .
that ' s definitely an idea . my issue is that a lot of my work involves me having to do research on the internet .
if you say yes and rape drake knight , they bow and do nothing . win win scenario .
post was re , i was mad .
just the sign in screen i meant . sometimes i get blue screen , others no bootable device then times it just goes to sign in and worked fine .
not suggesting anything at the moment ; you should test that video card in other system , maybe a friend ' s pc
i can afford both a car and children , and i just bought a house . the house drove me over the top , and now kids scare me .
that ' s what i was thinking maybe explore bruce growing up to a teen and eventually beyond that .
i plan on it . i mean , i waste money on pointless crap , might as well give it to something i like and i feel good donating to a site i hope will be as good as the last .
funny thing is , i ' m a female and i agree . far far far too many women these days are whores . the way they dress to their act . it disgusts me as a female .
stop making arguments . we are on the internet , you violated another policy
actually the us lawmakers vote themselves exempt from anti - corruption laws . for example , insider trading is very legal for us politicians .
nah , the book is bigger on the inside .
cool , are you running him solo or did you put him with a strike partner ?
as someone who has just finished a house hunt , i could n ' t agree more .
automate the bill . you ' re trying to make excuses for making poor financial choices .
i thought the same . i thought the backlash was evident . they will only learn through box office .
why not let 15 year olds vote as well then ? they live here too .
already looked into her twitter . looks like she stopped posting last year and nothing on there that is n ' t in this gallery .
using it to type this comment with one hand , the a is a little difficult , but still very easy .
yea i drive recklessly but at least i keep my eyes on the road .
we have alright pots pans and knives but our appliances are shitty is small . it ' s sucks ds
there ' s always someone on the road that hears sirens and thinks it ' s their chance to pass all the assholes in front of them .
did you get the white and blue striped one ? i got that a couple of days ago and love it .
no , they ' re not insufferable like yourself , so they get along with men just fine . please do us a favor and stick to women .
some of the best sex i ' ve had has been with french guys ; some of the worst sex i ' ve had has been with french guys . although the french will never be as shit in bed as the swiss .
it ' s not that we do n ' t know , it ' s that finding the exact information we want presented in an easy to understand manner is actually getting to be fairly difficult .
as a fan do you want the nets to make the playoffs ? they really didnt seem like they cared very much today .
free , with a google search ?
why that ? i mean in terms of telling the difference ? oh , well ill check it out .
god it was hilarious , the amount of pissed off bystanders though .
i am in fist ' s group
just start somewhere . you ca n ' t expect to reach a destination if you do n ' t even take a step forward .
deep house , but the legit stuff
long story , but a couple of us have more than 2 year dates . we ' re hoping for a resolution this week actually .
yes , i did grow it from seeds bought on ebay . it grows beautifully and has no pest or disease so far ! the trunk is already quite thick !
i ' d love to see him get a few more minutes . great move dubs !
i usually go to sleep around early morning and wake up mid afternoon , if i do n ' t set a timer for myself .
that is the evil truth of dota reality , that it ' s all a game .
this is true . you get higher each time that way . there is n ' t a quicker way to build a tolerance than smoking again while you ' re already high .
yeah , that was a 3 man raid run to . so it took us a while to get there only to fail that
and for the rest of the world , we just get to sigh with envy t _ t
it ' s surreal , but imagine how a blind person survives . now imagine less hard .
yeah , how bizarre right ? a bunch of people going through similar life experiences discussing their experiences .
i love cleveland , but i still feel the urge to move somewhere where it is n ' t cold .
yeah i tried it and it does n ' t work .
yeah do n ' t listen to him . this is the perfect place for your post . i enjoyed reading it ! thanks !
why ca n ' t you ? it ' s just a matter of selecting the right reality tunnel the next time you exit a tesseract
yeah . thats what i do for my vita . no taxes on psn are nice . i hope they never add taxes for the store .
i do n ' t particularly care , but i was curious to see what you guys thought .
read the responses that said they would not do it .
remember when they used names of people on the show for that commercial .
could have the same dad but different moms . i have a sister and a brother that ' s like that , both from different guys too .
i wired it myself , and it actually was a piece of scrap , lol . pulled too much on the 12 - 3 and used that extra . thanks for the info !
i ' m on reddit everyday , no idea what your talking about , i browse all too .
that would be a dream come true . and chip kelly is a crazy motherfucker who will do anything . fuck it i ' m changing my answer
the stretch of 5 games where the ravens did n ' t score a single touchdown was absolutely brutal and terrible to watch , but hey ! we won 3 of those games .
no problem . good luck and have fun !
yup , the daily mash is basically the british onion .
why ? what movie are they gonna watch ?
i it ' d be similar for many small things like jaywalking or littering .
man , someone really wants to downvote your comments today . have upvotes .
paying for light ! i mean , come on ! the sun makes light on its own !
well it was my first job at all so there ' s that . real responsibility , it ' s physically brutal , it ' s mentally challenging , and i know the value of money now .
that ' s a great memory !
good , i ' m not the only one . this obviously means that neither you nor i are crazy for doing so .
i ' ve seen several community servers that are infested by cheaters . why would a cheater not play casual ? they ' re just like non - cheaters except they cheat .
it ' s post team fight that i ' m more concerned with , but there ' s plenty of characters that would stick to you indefinitely even mid team fight . illidan for instance .
fuck , i hated those movies . something about them just made me want to be sick .
have you ever seen an old person doing heroin ?
what the fuck did you just say ? you ' re wrong . moldy bread is best bread .
if you do n ' t have the money and you ca n ' t earn the money , then it ' s better to pirate the game than to not play it at all .
crap , i had no idea sorry ! opened again .
you guys have room for me to join your nightfall and vog ?
i do n ' t blame my parents . that was all me . i started really eating bad around age 10 or something like that . i knew better .
did you order the blue ? that was the color i was considering too .
like if you lay your head on his stomach , a little cushion is nice .
i think u can only revenge back once for all total violent attacks . correct me if i ' m wrong . i have no idea .
there ' s a ton of bandwagon packers fans in places like mn that have their own team .
pay for services rendered . eg , hire people who are willing to have their voice recorded so that the company ' s product can be improved , do n ' t just steal from children .
to hang up the bench when not in use ?
for a guy who is literally the best in the game at his position we could have gotten more in return .
were you sitting in floor seats ? that ' s awesome though .
i ' ve seen this bug before lol . sometimes you get weapons in shield slots which makes for some very op vehicles .
thank you ! it means a lot : d
we went to super bowls before revis . we went with our worst secondary ever .
done some looking , hes got a really high up side . his smarts stands out to me . more smart more better .
saints row - the deadpool of video games that ' s a compliment , i fucking love those games
yeah , it would have been pretty bad .
op says that her so considers his ex family so i ' m pretty sure he ' s going to see the child he helped create as family too .
i liked the first one a lot because he actually talks about the chemical composition of petroleum oils , coconut oil , and latex . science talk always gets my interest !
read what i said , friendly teleporting hacker . did n ' t kill me . i did send an email to the general soe hacker address though
fuck it , i am gonna tag him with this .
i guess . i better get a fucking picture of me in my wedding dress though . fuck being in a picture of my own wedding adds a ton to the picture .
the sun does n ' t set . the earth moves
actually , cold air is more dense than warm air .
no prob , thanks ! that place is amazing , it ' s fun just to go watch the fish mill around but i always get a line wet .
yeah . tell her bf and then after he dumps her you can bang her guilt free .
a graphics card process the graphical images for a display .
the great thing about this meme getting so much frontpage time is that the guy now has a tattoo of a popular internet meme , not a shit charmander tattoo .
it ' s designed to take off and land at conventional runways apparently , though i ' ve also read stuff about reinforcing runways .
i have a 9am anatomy lecture tommorow morning - i do n ' t do hangover well so might have to pass on that one
no but when rappers talk about killing cops they do it out of frustration . if you are n ' t going to try and understand that frustration why listen at all ?
ok , i didnt quite realise how the system worked . i assumed that regional seats were for local councils or something . i get it now .
you ' re not coming off as a confident person people look up to , you ' re coming of as an arrogant douche . there ' s a pretty big difference .
me too . even if we traded him for a fortune i ' d be really sad , but if we just cut him loose for nothing i ' d be livid .
they are running the state .
i think you ' ve missed the point .
yay ! imma big kid now !
yes ! good eye ! i did n ' t even notice . the shadows make him hard to recognize .
for me it really depends , tho i prefer larger , i still find pleasure out of smaller ones .
do they need one ? seriously , you want to play them ? you think you have a chance ?
oakland is short on run blocking tes and that ' s supposedly his strength . this seems to me to be another classic rm bargain bin temporary fix for now .
oh yeah , how did i miss that ? i guess i just assumed op was talking about ram and went from there
i ' m not taking it personally . you ' re accurately describing what people say right before they kick someone from a room just for using cb .
she did n ' t break the law . it was just some regulation .
deal ! im glad we were able to come to a peaceful agreement ! best of luck to you in your future endeavors !
so this passage is just some sort of hypothetical ?
i could n ' t hear anything different at all . that was literally the only difference i could really notice .
drunk me needed this advice before making the bet .
different cereals require different ratios . i try but i miss most of the time , specially with the whole grain cereals , they need loads of milk .
yep , i somewhat misread your post . i have a few experiences with that almost absurd way that some americans cannot deal with things as simple as being bilingual , or international marriage .
i know , but i just want to hear our pick .
is n ' t it turn up tuesday , then recovery wednesday , then thirsty thursday , then well its the weekend so we might as well drink .
they probably thought it was a cool shot .
you input what you are looking for in a game and wait for others to join your chat . then you team up in game
i do n ' t think they ' ll kill him maybe the sparrows just mutilated him ? scarred his once - handsome face in order to set as an example to the nobility
i have no idea how to explain that game , it ' s complex ! but amazing !
that ' s kinda what flavor is .
woo is guaranteed merge . i ' m calling final 6 if he ' s in majority , 9 if minority .
she was probably a little boy then . who knows ?
no i do n ' t , currently window 8 . 1
that dude is a bad ass . i ' m rooting for max , but i think joe could win this easily .
what do you do if they ask for collateral before you take off ? would a canceled credit card work ?
i had the same issue . you just have to restart steam after you install it and brutal half - life will show up in your steam library as a separate game .
all of them . my fav is probably caught in the crossfire . he was awesome , saw him a month before he died . he did a concert with joe cocker opening for him . i was very sad when he passed .
i like to call it utilitarian ethics .
as long as you actually work for a living or understand the value of a dollar i ' m cool with that , jealous though .
why is his mom working if this kid makes so much money ?
i think it would be more alive than what you say it would be , but thanks anyways !
currently ca n ' t make a new room of the 10 rooms i joined all of them the room lord or whatever was afk .
it ' s so easy children literally make and sell it .
do n ' t forget no world star
feed hershey the wonder dog mode .
exactly . why do n ' t they play some japanese deep house instead ?
cool , that ' s true .
i know ! i just hope that i wo n ' t get flamed for picking something that is n ' t necessarily the best pick or whatever . i guess we ' ll see . c :
thanks for the stick up ! but if the spamming is getting annoying , i apologies and i ' ll be a lot less spammy .
i ' ve been with my husband for nearly 6 years . i was 23 when we met and now i ' m 28 . so not because of bc but because of my age i think .
that ' s one way to look at it , law of averages and all that .
it ' s a great sub haha
ask their soldiers if they ' re willing to die for their nation , and they ' ll tell you yes . this is a silly line of thought .
i would definitely recommend it ! it ' s an older game , but it has aged surprisingly well . i play through it every few years because it ' s just such a great experience .
you must scare easily .
nah . i have a hard enough time dealing with the cat that hangs out at our house and refuses to leave .
good lead if you have light attackers , or a light row team like wukong .
some policemen get time in prison because they did n ' t stop citizens from murdering a woman falsely accused of an absurd law ? that ' s not correct .
meow meow meow ?
everybody in the world understood that the greek government is pro - russia , except from the greeks themselves .
hyperbole on my part to show the absurdity of his statement , yes it was an important match but the reaction ' s in threads all across this sub right now are laughable .
the notification went away , only pops up for a second , i ' ll post a pic in a few .
people are n ' t asking for anything huge even . like white fur ? an eyepatch ? maybe an hours work for an amateur skin maker
oh i totally would but i would n ' t suck a dick for a gram of weed cuz i ' d find that degrading , maybe for an eighth or a quarter
48 bottles right . might as we ' ll be a home brew
blade would be great if he was n ' t buggy as hell
if you like sony games , yes . or if you like a small device that ' s bigger than a smart phone to watch shows on where there ' s internet
so that ' s how you make it work on stock .
which state is d . c . in ?
jesus christ , going to court after somebody punches you ? what the fuck has happened to the world where this is the norm ?
you should watch or listen to why shit so crazy by him . it ' s awesome .
eating an animal is one thing . being a cunt to an animal is another .
remember bang last year ' s laning phase was ridiculously bad , but you did n ' t see his team replace him with some player that has been underperforming for the whole season did you ? exactly .
i used to sell tickets at a movie theater and i ' d do this on purpose for fun . customer walks up : 2 me : to ? customer : yeah
even if you hate your father the movie will make you cry .
it ' s been in that stage for the last 7 years .
probably a couple days if they keep smoking .
me too ! i hope people mod the shit outta some scenery . like have comic book mods so you can make your own marvel island and things like that .
actually my science teacher taught me that , but thank you anyway
it ' s 2 - 3 times higher per 100 , 000 than a lot of european countries like the uk and germany .
that ' s an odd thing to sit and watch .
inb4 this post gets deleted for breaking rule 2 of askreddit .
i ' m game for that . anything you ' d like to discuss public before taking to pm ?
why does it matter if it ' s racist or not ? the person wanted to know their best chance and i was straight up and told him . should i have lied instead ?
will she ever spend nye with her child ?
there is technically a bourne conspiracy video game . just to add to the confusion .
trade verified !
turn before rp , but the commands must be straight after each other . do n ' t wait till you ' ve finished turning . rp wo n ' t cancel the turn command .
glad you got the joke . definitely check out some of uga ' s clubs . i do n ' t actually go there but i imagine that like any large school they have a bunch .
whenever you start making the next batch i would like to buy one as well .
i would circle the room , ill try the door later on tonight !
did you consider him a good friend , apart from the sex tape thing , after this night ? because that ' s all that matters
but how do you use the map ? there are a lot of streets on that thing . how do you locate the specific stretch of that specific street ?
would n ' t it be illegal to put a big sticker like that on a windshield ? that can easily block someone ' s view and cause an accident .
that ' s what i ' m thinking as well , pretty exciting stuff !
believe it or not , non - rural eastern maryland
i ' ve tried that before , square just really do n ' t want me to pay the game q - q
yes , not only his mom but also his 5 brothers and sisters !
if you ' re referring to the players and their travels then probably yes . it is the longest season and you are away from home for bigger chunks at a time than any other pro sport .
i want to believe that everyone would just shoot through the middle .
that cool . i always have to lock my keys in my safe with a long ass combination so black out me does n ' t decide to drive for more booze when i run out .
but we ' re not talking about people who have a decent job and do n ' t need to work ridiculous work weeks .
oh , i didnt actually see that part , just had in mind to post that if gambit lost : p
if the rest of their life before kids was not worth remembering then i ' d say they have done nothing worth remembering either .
how does him being with other women make you feel ? why not start with someone else who does n ' t scare and punish you ?
money is not everything .
mega hovers this week ? mega ' s just got way more interesting .
not yet . when i figure out a gas cap solution i ' ll pull out the nikon and drop results of a real photo shoot on here
that would most likely account for your network lag .
less than the cost to pay however many people the machines replace .
short version or long ?
they are , but sometimes they make me scream at my screen because of his plays . edit : i apologise if i offended anyone with my comment , i was merely speaking my mind .
i though this sign was made in jest . surely , the person who made this could n ' t ' ve been serious ?
in theory yes , i cannot however try to do that since it has passed 6 months since i bought the game .
a razor , a bag of regret , and a plan for redemption .
and the last train home was only 30 mins after full time !
too true . my answer , anything .
no . the pic is cities : skylines on pc using a low - resolution mod of some sort . i got it from the c : s subreddit , you might want to check there if you ' re looking for the mod .
these engrams contain how stuff , so it wo n ' t let you turn them in yet .
sao ii dub is coming soon . if you ' re really attached to their english voice actors i ' d wait for that so the transition is n ' t jarring .
i was just being hopeful it was somehow positive . if the nfl were smart they ' d have good teams do series other places . it ' d piss off their fans , but it ' d make more .
maybe hes from the future and hes saying its going to happen during the next cavs game ?
in that case , you ' re one suave looking lucario ! the hat just adds to the magic ! i ' m happy that you ' re happy ! now all you need is a cane , or maybe a stylish umbrella , huh ?
red eye is like a hybrid between cable news shows and the daily show .
what do you think killed grandma ?
i remember , but that was a different thread , was n ' t it ? i ' m coming online .
planning on eating and playing . but thanks for letting me know , i ' ll definitely look into getting that deal .
we did n ' t run him out of town
when they gon realize they do n ' t gotta be all about the public info life .
final content patch .
a chicken is going to lie an egg anyway . so you are saying we are taking their useless egg from them without their consent ?
serves you right for beating the crowd . obviously , they were going to take their revenge by skipping in front in another queue .
that ' s a weak defense for the movie but not saying the original story is flawed , just that the movie does n ' t work very well .
i ' m a lil over 19 at the shoulder . pm me info on how your shipping and stuff
it would make more sense if you played as bowser trying to kidnap princess peach , but this concept sounds more interesting .
caffeine and alcohol are the real drugs . not like le weed .
cop cars are v6 chargers . edit : sorry for the generalization . every cop charger i ' ve seen was a v6 charger in several parts of ca .
well no , but that seems kind of a big thing to not play around .
parallel downloads man .
obviously mining . literally just mining and a quick spot of pve every now and then .
thanks ! it ' s reddit people are bound to be assholes no matter how cool or awesome it is to others .
well , at that point i guess she was cage free so her meat would have been tough . make sure you eat her children though !
oh , i ' m usually not that outspoken , but in this case it might actually be worth a shot
i ' m just worried about you . vaginal health is no laughing matter .
my boyfriend has a pair of those , he loves wearing them !
bears who live in a house and eat porridge .
it is a good lifestyle choice . although i ca n ' t pass up on craft sodas . birch beer ftw .
does the site look like it ' s from 1994 ? because you cannot trust a website unless it looks like its from 1994 .
these body part puns sure are hand - y .
nobody ' s taking the bait , maury .
language seems to play up sometimes though . like i got the chinese version even though i ' m in new zealand .
i get what you mean , but he did love hannah as a mother and viewed her as such , plus , every other morgan was dead .
even the dollar bill ? that 16 inch fence post is ok though .
i wish parasite eve 2 was just lethal weapon 2 , in space .
if you ' re considering the gs 500 , it ' s a pretty solid machine and very easy to repair if it does break . it ' s my first , but i ' d still buy it again .
basically , as said in the video , pyramid head is exclusive to james in silent hill , but pyramid head appears in the films despite james not being in the films .
all the viewers saw was her put the gun to her head . a quick thinking technician cut the visual feed , but not the audio , so the audience heard the gunshot but did n ' t see it .
has someone found out where it is so we can delete it ?
they take an absurd amount of the transaction !
me too . great job , folks . this makes me happy to be a part of the reddit community .
shit haha dont remember , im not home atm otherwise i would post every detail
link ?
skin should be fine , name fix may need reinstalling
just does n ' t seem significant enough , notable i suppose though . i have to buy a couple lenses before i worry about a new body anyhow .
hey some of us who opened a dragon got lucky and opened the right one .
maybe they are just not available at your store yet . i ' m getting everything .
side note : he needs his nails cut . badly .
if you join the teamspeak sometime tomorrow i would be happy to help you .
haha you would take rooney over suarez ? funny guy you are
that was n ' t made by someone in the fandom but i guess its the same idea .
taking after marty bass , huh ?
they could negotiate a long term deal when the smoke clears .
as a university student , what sleep ?
no . the frame to a house . duh .
our son will be five in june and our daughter is 3 months .
i ' d like bones a lot more if he did n ' t do that screaming bit as much .
and your point ?
anyone else reminded of home alone 2 ?
if you find racism funny , that ' s your own choice . i am glad we live in a free world where individuals have the freedom to think as they please . but i personally do n ' t find it funny .
yeah . already listened once . i ' ll listen once more at home with my good headphones , and then try to avoid it until i have ph in my hands . preorder is may 4 , next monday !
yeah , the bees gave him the inspiration last night . i ca n ' t wait to see him shrink !
he wanted to be popular for once .
well if she ' s not afraid of the guns and you show her they ' re stored properly , i ' m not sure what her issue is ?
that ' s just my cynical , asshole nature : assume it was sarcasm . besides that one guy , the fans are always great when they applaud someone getting up from an injury .
ok , well have fun with your boring gray flair .
but it really does n ' t matter whether people find it funny or not . this is illegal . not just against runescape rules but actually illegal .
jesus , what formation do you play and who is up top with him ?
thanks , will get that fixed
but what if they mention it around my other friends ? thanks for the reply by the way .
definitely , remake of one of the first games .
of course . some married couples even do it on each other .
how ? i ca n ' t imagine a situation where knowing hamilton ' s fuel level would help rosberg drive faster .
it was between our state and india , and the kids voted for india because hunger is more of a problem there .
i met him at spring training and he bought me a drink at the bar at the w hotel in scottsdale .
i was playing civilization v , taking over russia . i ' d fail miserably at art school .
actually it ' s about ethics in child porn
nope - that was a bit of a red herring , sorry ! each image represents something else , all of which are of the same type .
i mean eventually you become rich as shit and money is n ' t even a problem . you can blow your money on weapons and shit and dick around .
downvoted by white knights and beta males . damn you if you do n ' t like the truth .
it ' s not like i ' ll be in the car long enough to get caught behind the wheel .
why would there be girls in boys scouts and vice versa ? sorry , i am not very up to date with scout stuff in general
yeah mainly to keep the toe box in shape . much like how many shoes are stuffed with paper in the toe box .
no worries : i ' m not worried .
took the undergrad real analysis sequence , so i have a decent grasp of the theory .
ahh yeah i know , i was thinking it ' s most likely going to be black panther
maybe someone with a fork should n ' t try to stab an officer in the head with it .
should i go long on popcorn now , or wait until the post ?
fuck breathing , clean water and healthy soil !
fun with numbers . numbers never lie but if you beat them long enough they will say what ever you want .
first thing i thought ! i can clean every inch of my house and still find hair everywhere !
knowing what places you go to is also valuable data for ads . win - win for google .
i disagree . hogan was given control over his own career and he took advantage of it like any sane person would . you always step on someone to get to the top .
yea , was really salty when i wrote this , but this champ needs some way to counter that speed , it ' s just too hard to kill her with a melee champ .
i agree , but martin freeman does it best .
you ca n ' t talk about structure without relating to theme . and a few other things . none of them are there . well , you can talk about it , but it ' s almost meaningless .
on loan or in part exchange or whatever . no need to get uppity , just saying . they did n ' t even try to lower the fee by offering you guys a player . that is not intended as a insult .
most places around central pa sell the frozen food service fries . finding a place that sells fresh cut fries is a rare treat .
it ' s terrain defendant . if he can use the terrain to hide , maybe a thousand . otherwise a few hundred would overwhelm him .
aww thank you but i doubt i ' d ever show my face !
as long as it makes you happy . what kind of music do you listen to ?
or just do the collision check yourself first , and only fire if it can hit .
nope , community college .
andre johnson and frank gore were not the missing pieces to indy winning a lombardi . to video game like stats ? oh hell yes . but not the big one .
butler skulls ca n ' t headbutt steel beams .
yeah , i will try to run 3 whenever i can .
i think so , as i am playing the free edition and it gave me the option to create a death knight character right off the bat .
false equivalence .
yes ? bundesliga without dortmund giving up a fight is n ' t that much interesting .
does n ' t change the fact that hulu is awful
my boss uses this to clean our tables at work . can confirm , this shit will strip anything away . im surprised it does n ' t take away skin to the bone .
literally everyone and their mother in china has powerful proxies and can access google . we just helped my friends grandfather install one .
hes boring to play and play against anyway in my opinion . his character is great but his kit isnt
it ' s a thing now ? does someone produce covers in different colors for them ? like with your initials or diamonds on them or shit ?
i wish people would stop reading into things so mich , maybe i just wanna chat .
nah but she does support the patriot act and nsa spying on all americans which is pretty much fucking worse than this so fuck her .
why ? we got allied fetches in an enemy - colored set .
where did i make a threat ?
no need to sign 8 million dollars worth of st players we could find solid ones as udfa or fa for the minimum .
my family fully intends to go to work for her next opponent . i cannot idly stand by when i could go knocking on my neighbor ' s doors to educate them and encourage them to vote !
would be really nice for f2p iron men though .
it ' s 2 more . i do n ' t now where the 31 team thing is coming from , but yeah , it ' s definitely an issue . someone has to move back to the west .
and he ' s starting to be nice so i do n ' t have to hate him !
not very useful , because you can just show them the idea . things that are harder to build by yourself are more interesting to bring .
why so . swedish is your language . why be part of finland ?
i will . i want to clarify why the pricing is that high when i retrieve my vehicle . they might have some explanation i may not have considered .
no we do n ' t , consoles have their own store in console interface .
haha yeah i ' m not the best at editing audio : p thanks !
you are correct . jesus loved to rock the bell bottoms .
but you sure do n ' t mind shitting on them when they ' re down .
i clicked the link and there was a 5 hour video . thats why i asked .
streaming teacher was a shit waste of money . have fun watching a horribly compressed tiny little fixed - size window like it ' s 1998 .
are you implying guild wars is n ' t quality ? do n ' t get me wrong , i vastly prefer final fantasy xiv , but guild wars 2 is a quality product .
that ca n ' t go well with coffee .
so salty . maybe you should rethink your life and try to be passionate about something actually useful . o :
makes sense . online literally does n ' t work .
hey thanks man . i am trying to hide the signal bars icon on the status bar whenever i am connected to a wifi network .
i ' m serious . i have a traverse so i could get quite a bit .
all the info is in that forum thread op linked to , but i think the bulk of them were found in or near one system . ca n ' t recall the name off the top of my head , though .
no shit , pal , he ' s a basketball player who handles the ball and drives a ton . players should get the call if they are fouled , he often does not .
and i wonder , when i sing along with you , if everything could ever feel this real forever . if anything could ever be this good again .
can you possibly show me how ?
you can also make them once your house is upgraded !
you ' ve made it in life if you ' re a grown 20 something man , and all your friends are 14 .
i whole heartedly agree with you . the i5 ' s are great for gaming , just not in my budget atm .
i take my coffee black . like my men .
i did go out without socks . my feet have yet to warm up !
vp did not play good . i dont want to take anything away from nip but a t1 team should not get 16 - 6 ' d two maps in a row while playing good .
exactly , we pushed freo in freo to a pretty epic finally and north was an unreal contest . i ' d say that the north vs port game skill wise was superior to the hawks vs essendon game .
those countries take half your income for your entire life . none of that stuff is free .
yeah women suck , right man ?
4 is the only one that falls short imo . if i recall correctly that season was done during the writers strike though .
i do n ' t do mass .
long story short , i was 17 had a fucked up life and had no idea how young i really was .
could you point to a specific guidance from god that says that . how about if it was just killing puppies ?
i guess a kung fu film about an it guy would have just been the matrix . seriously though , everyone should see the first 2 ip man films .
considering i have my xbox now and it will improve , it seems the better deal for the price .
i mean i guess . kind of takes the feeling of accomplishment away i guess , which is pretty much why i run in the first place .
it ' s a level 1 entry level help desk position not sure really what you ' d expect .
i ' m actually going to make an appointment on monday to talk to my doctor about them .
sorry about it , i ' ve read the rule but i ' m so forgetful : p my least favourite food is beef . i do n ' t eat beef .
yeah , but that one somehow just beat the rest of them out .
i seemed like i was watching syracuse ' s tournament hopes go down the drain with that game . then i looked at espn today and realized i have nothing to worry about
got the ignoring twitch chat part nailed already do n ' t you worry about that !
and unlike most seasonal toys , they are pretty crappy after being used all summer . so every summer you have to buy a few more . perfect product .
that ' s what i was thinking . i ca n ' t stand the man ' s politics , but there ' s something about him that i find adorable . i want to hug him .
a final damnit ? how did your first damnit go ?
do n ' t forget racist . it ' s definitely racist , too
drove for papa john ' s for 7 yrs . delivery fee was 2 . 50 . i saw 50 cents of that per house . that ' s why .
were you on another plan prior to switching to the family share pack ?
i get a case for christmas every year from my mom , i ' m 33 years old .
all part of the illusion , although they do accept funny robots now . guess there are n ' t enough shitty robots to keep them going .
would rather have banana than sugar dairy .
he improvised the tongue flapping at the end .
yeah sounds like op lucked out and discovered that she is a bitch early on instead of wasting time with her . that ' s some high school shit right there .
it looks like i accidentally deleted you while i was clearing spaces earlier today ! you are re - added and gate is reopen ! sorry about that !
there was no middle suggestion , do them all in order .
he really does a great job in the video though .
that is how you should look at a lot of things really . relationships with friends , work , hobbies .
not because it is easy , but because it is hard !
i ' m at the terrifying stage right now hope this gets fun soon
that ' s the thing , though . you can completely ignore the story and still have a good time . i think it ' s a perfect balance .
i feel like we have plenty to work with at this point honestly . we ' ll figure out a fair deal .
some cars would n ' t even crank unless you put the clutch in . when i just got the car i did n ' t know and was trying for a solid 10 minutes to figure it out
yes ! i pretty much knew who did it halfway through . really disappointing .
wow , til
i guess i ' m hosed because i ca n ' t stand john mayer . i have n ' t heard him do an original thing yet .
double check the spelling and grammar before you go this route .
a lot of people will argue that pets can take the place in someone ' s heart that is often reserved for children and family . for example : i will argue this .
i do it to stay in practice . if you are not in the habit of voting , then you wo n ' t be as motivated to vote when that candidate does come . voting is a strategic tactic , not a defensive one .
the space marine punches him in the throat before he has a chance to move . he dies . the end .
how would you know it ' s good enough ? there ' s a reason why mixed national teams are not really a thing . even mouz got rid of allu because gob wanted to call in german .
a buggy untested pc release does n ' t make it a port . this just proves they should have had a demo 6 months ago to catch this shit . hell , it should have been bundled with 970s and 980s .
and lenses . both have been getting pretty decent price cuts . bodies always get cheaper over time but lenses are probably as cheap as they have ever been .
or just keep a bunch of veggies and fruits on the other side . should keep the obeast from ever approaching .
just was looking around a lot today , cannot believe it went so high . if it ' s all the same to you , im gonna just wait out the hype prices lol .
it ' s not unusual . the average age at first marriage is hovering around 28 right now . and that ' s including the people who get married around age 20 for god knows what reason .
i ' ll post a selfie of me doing it on this thread tomorrow at school : d
what are the odds !
in addition , with the money saved by getting locked parts you can invest in better peripherals , just a thought .
yep . a shock jock . like howard stern coming from the other direction .
in my eyes , the only way the jays are making the playoffs is by winning the al east .
hello , just checking in to see if you are able to hatch the egg today .
any chance you ' ll update the text in the post to reflect his assertion that it was n ' t him ?
i take advice from you guys very seriously so i will in fact wait at least 1 year so that would be october .
depends on how big your images are .
i ' d be mad . i hate american stereotypes . the fat white guy drinking soda who only cares about sports .
people steal the most worthless crap all of the time for reasons of just wanting something , to taking it because they want more value for what they buy .
i do n ' t care . its not like shits going to stop breaking so that i ca n ' t post anything new . all i care about is enough points to get rid of that retarded wait time between comment posts .
no idea , i do n ' t even drink .
was that on the a day in the life special ? i watched that but do n ' t remember the sword . may have to watch that again . sounds awesome , and i ' d like to see it !
one without home invasions ?
yeah . i was hoping like a creamy minty center like thin mints but nope . it ' s super hard ! if you try and chew it it sticks and hurts
i ' m off to go snowboarding but i ' ll post some this afternoon .
interesting mine complained as well about lack of educated , but even before that demand was low . how big is your city now is commercial on its own or integrated within the residential ?
no , but every school has skirts for the girls . i have never seen a school girl outfit with pants . source : i live in tokyo .
it has comparison images of what we perceive as the perfect body and what is normal according to the cdc . give it another read
i disagree , the crime is the number of times this fucking story has been posted already .
i was saying this for months back when everyone was hyping the shit out of this thing . it ' s a shame so many people had to get burned before they could realize it ' s a pointless device .
oh man that would be too good . i ' d personally enjoy something with a world like kotor ' s , but bigger , and a play style like jedi academy ' s .
excellent suggestion ! the more friends and family know how to help , the more they ' re willing to help .
no it was pretty easy , i was at the top of my class and had lots of friends , many of whom im still close to today . hope this helps .
ha that ' s a fair point but it has some awesomely daft things in it . i do think it would be a laugh to watch .
just making sure ; thanks
hand solo ?
great ! it ' s play by your own pace , so that should work out
either way it ' s a total dick move mate . it shows a complete lack of respect to those of us who ' re bad at the game .
must have been one of those weird fabric mesh boots , right ? great for the health of your feet , but leather boots do n ' t breathe , so they ca n ' t choke .
that ' s very smart , for some reason a lot of girls get turned on by the thought of having sex with a gay guy . probably the same reason a lot of straight guys love lesbian porn though !
nope . never go stink to pink without changing condom or washing .
it varies from place to place , and the exact mechanism is different . around here it ' s the fire department , for example .
yea i did . it just takes some time to get the coins . all my stuff is on auction house atm
this statement confused me . where else do you wear socks if not your dick ?
he said north american as in anybody that lives on the continent of north america which so happens to contain canada . you retarded ?
the vast majority of people want to work , liberal or conservative , redditor or no . do n ' t anti - jerk too hard .
many dont . a lot of people i talked to in college basically saw it as the book version of the movie .
it ' s actually an english thing
really ? they are usually a bit slower , have worse camo , bigger body and most importantly , higher mm weight .
actually anatomy . biology is the study of life , anatomy is the study of the body
i ' m referencing american dad , which i ' m guessing his username is based on .
it does ? i think it does n ' t count for anyone
i hear it said that he ' s unimportant
does n ' t seem like much of a gamble since all seem to be super hot !
not great - the front and back covers are detached from the spine and the pages are pretty dark , but it has some very nice illustrations .
in this cave you see some drawings that depict you running from the robots . as you look closer you see that the image shows lasers being fired at you . the cave goes deeper .
try green scout rifles . i feel like green scouts blow the competition away . green and white hand cannons seem to have 3 - 5 rounds in a magazine , which is simply unacceptable .
it ' s a critique , not a review . and i appreciate that from him .
ugh i just hate that people think they can treat you like a second class citizen . in my opinion they are cowards , they usually only act that way to people who ca n ' t say anything back .
me thinks the lady dost protest too much .
sorry wrong comment !
better book than cd . awesome !
what about the mum and the sister ?
i mean even if he was , i would ' ve seen him go to on , i highly doubt he ' d leave optic . he ' d lose his verified tick if his did .
whats the difference between a truck full of delicious watermelons and a truck full of dead babies ? you ca n ' t empty a truck of watermelons with a pitchfork .
looks like he ' s passing on it ; paypal work for you ? i assume based on the case that you ' re na
ca n ' t wait : d
my 640 only accepts my iphone headphones and my computer headphones . my other 2 headphones do n ' t work with it . so getting a working headset with the phone would have been nice .
yeah , all he had to do was turn right , he could n ' t even do that
ddr3 is ddr3 is ddr3 , nothing to worry about there . i just went from an fx - 8320 to i7 build and reused my ram , os , and hard drives .
how far along are you ? i ' m at 27 weeks , which is partially why i think he freaked out , the potential for 13 more weeks of weight gain !
low - tier i think
usually easily beatable by having special cards that lowers the damages of all units in the row .
this is why i have said for years that they should be allowed to play in staples .
if there is an invisible seeker next to a unit with ccs and you reveal it with a scanner , your unit takes the ccs shot even though the seeker does n ' t move . it ' s probably a similar effect .
this , lag is the only thing that really makes me mad !
thats true but i would much rather we get something out of defense first though . i know o - line was an issue last year but we were still a top 5 offense .
just checked , yep it ' s save game compatible . man i love the dev tools .
throw in earth defense club . sailor moon transformation scenes with boys .
well , yeah i would expect the gimmick . his friends just ca n ' t deal with it , so they need to get better . it ' s not even that good of a gimmick .
because it ' s an amazon sub . i came in here and instead of eating my own dog food i took a shit in it .
yeah like even if you lose him or forget he ' s there he ca n ' t get far . would it be bad to get a tortoise high ?
i did n ' t catch it , but what counts is that you tried . lord ye would be proud .
go study !
yeah , that ' s the downside . i just have a key fob and my motorcycle key on mine .
i care !
if you do n ' t have an android phone , you can use bluestacks and download the app via amazon on there .
which solos do you have to do , besides the ones needed to complete the captain sets
everytime i watch a clg game , i become a morgana main
i love it , mmmmm makes my dick so hard watching their anger
there ' s always jogging and walking too , you can do that anywhere ! i did a lot of jogging when i was in high school .
i ' m not sure , i aligned my cleats up straight and occured pain on my left knee afterwards , felt ok during the ride .
why ? you do n ' t have to breed the animals in the first place . remember that eating meat is not a necessity for survival , it ' s a choice .
reddit is an american website .
it ' s my wife ' s go - to . she loves the chicken nachos !
awesome ! let me know when your gates are open .
then you might be interested in new warriors , which is only two trades in right now . it ' s a team book with nova and a few other young heroes .
i also was there for that kinda sucked they did n ' t have the video boards up yet
it ' s hard to leave a small town in illinois to a bigger city that ' s weed friendly in hopes for a job . any advice ? i would love to work with weed .
it was a very heavily biased and factually inaccurate article written by a rangers beat writer .
also if you rinse it several times before you cook it , it should be less slimy .
he did that all on his own . his job . not the demo .
anyone whose had the honour of wearing the uniform would be outraged and disgusted by what harper has done to our military .
right . you ' re from california are n ' t you ? i was going to ask you more things and then i fell asleep .
she kinda does in battle of gods but she ' s kinda not born yet also in that movie .
great rebuttal .
not everyone is sane . that much is obvious if you ever talk to any group of people . i would even go so far as to wager that at some level , everyone is a bit insane .
organize it . it ' s the students that organize things like this , not the faculty .
if you followed his story , he is a case of redemption and massive activism towards solving the problem in the future for other victims of mental illness .
yes we limited it to 128 players because of time restraints . the brackets and the schedule include all of the participants .
i think he wants to get cut , i doubt he wants to be here for less money .
you can download the app only one time in each phone . but you can use the same account in several phones .
geez i didnt even know their was a bald head had to go back and see what you were talking about . the very last thing i noticed in that pic !
kinda grey with a hint of blue !
but at least he can get a bread bowl .
serious question , how can you tell he ' s being downvoted if the score is hidden ?
it ' s not so much about investing as it is turning a quick profit .
i could too , but i think a side character would probably fit his acting better .
i ' ve just updated the post with a link to the final bill . you can take a look if you want to .
nah , but still a lot of stuff can go wrong in 5 hours . that ' s why there is a seam at her head .
looks like weird fan art for the web - comic questionable content
we got in line at 4 though , so we were pretty close to the front . you ' ll get there !
i can drive through telephone poles , but stop instantly if i hit the curb sometimes .
so you ' re screwing your brother ?
til 1950s america was communist .
i was also surprised . the first time i just pressed and it just soft reset . then today i was looking through it and found out that i had to hold it after . well , at least i did it .
how is that stupid ? you only have one body . let ' s hope there will be a faster and less painful way to remove tattoos when she inevitably regrets that ugly ass tat in the years to come .
sure , but the helmets are not really true to their roots . and that ' s what ' s most important in a film .
lol that ' s interesting i ' ve never had the need for a on demand bathroom but then again i do n ' t live in nyc
i did n ' t even realize it was my cake day ! maybe i need to have a sexier celebration .
you built your computer on 1 game ? : p
it does n ' t . it kind of looks like black pudding batter . consistency of egg whites . turns brown quickly .
i ' m not sure but it ' s called cougars blood and is a strawberry fruity vape
i was destiny - young , i was stupid , and i disassembled that weapon .
which house would play for ?
me too , he said not to worry . so , for now i think we should assume it ' s nothing too serious .
you should always remember : do n ' t bring my magic the gathering cards with me to saudi arabia .
you could go so far as to say that they are fast .
edinburgh and london , so both places .
hahaha that ' s what i get for writing comments on zero sleep . well - played !
gee , why would they make emergency signal lights bright , flashy , and visible from all angles ? what a dumb question .
i do pass a lot and i just took the shot just to take it . do n ' t know what will happen unless you try it . my pro has 92 passing
agreed . head to head win is just 1 good resume win .
for sure , i did n ' t mean to imply that no reputable artist does , i just meant it ' s more likely that an artist would turn down a request unless it ' s a seriously invested person
i ' m comparing them as situations . both are intentional fouls to stop the offense .
yea , so let them say it , it ' s not hurtful at all . find excuses for them , right !
i mean why not . it ' s missing the funny part
oh i second this question . i love it but man do i wonder where that idea came from .
oh god , drunk and high me is the fucking worst . i think i ' m the smartest guy in the room but when i try to talk or do something i must come off as mentally challenged .
yeah i ' m very burnt out on minecraft and have n ' t even been watching any recent series . gta always feels fun and refreshing .
i do n ' t know , that guy may have saved that little shit ' s life in the future if he can learn a lesson from this .
that ' s some bullshit . there ' s no correlation with being hit and being a shitty person .
same , i did n ' t see trader joes on it . but i do occasionally buy stuff at cvs and walgreens .
what does n ' t work about now ? i have n ' t noticed any issues with that part of things .
forgot to tell you that i ' m playing with poke y , is that a problem ?
why lock it in any case ? nothing is going to blow up if you do 60 .
i ' m going to sound petty but i feel like he himself should realise that i ' m hurt by this tattoo and should lift a finger to do something about it .
i love umd , but it would help if you lost and we won .
korra ' s soundtrack was pretty amazing .
idk but you were thrown at the wall stupid ass jerk .
oh this is confusing . while the names sound german this is actually switzerland . forgot to mention that . thank you for your work mod .
thank you everyone for the help ! i figured it out , i used media fire , but had to restart my computer ! thanks again !
this is my car ' s favorite game .
its a rly nice set so why not ? seen a lot worse sets getting pushed more than this
i ' m pretty sure it ' s just part of the built in set of google things now . i know my phone came with it . my old one did n ' t , so it must ' ve been added within the past 2 . 5 years .
and a lot of stuff was cut out because it was so unbelievable .
on ios it is . android has been snubbed for way too long .
i have had a few bad ones , worst was when i forgot to take my meds . if i start to feel a panic attack coming i just sit down and focus on something else .
but you ' re smarter than you were a minute ago , so that ' s progress right there .
not every single video . i watched a couple and then stopped , honestly it sounds like listening to someone read a paper from a community college class so i have n ' t bothered watching the rest
i ca n ' t understand a word you ' re saying .
well there is some that give off the vibe that she ' s going to become some huge movie star .
less crashes , but more fatalities on average in 2014 , it wo n ' t be for sure very good year for flying in terms of fatalities
other mls teams i can understand . it shows hey im an mls fan but do n ' t mistake me for a fan of either of these teams .
yeah , that just adds to the point .
work hard and save up for plastic surgery .
yep . just after he tried to buy the game back and quit . he went out for lunch and came back with it not booting .
just felt like writing my thoughts to calm myself down , feel free to downvote
yeah , but theres no way to enforce that . at least with the lv . 50 photo you ' d have to go to pretty good lengths to fake that .
it was just worth a try to see if anyone else has had the same problem at some point thanks for the input though !
season 2 happens about a year after season 1 . by that time , skye is already a well - trained agent .
first time i ' ve seen this asked in four weeks of releases without negative comment karma . i guess people finally turned over to our side and realised these fillers are bullshit .
that ' s sharp cheddar , it ' s a phone picture with no modifications
exactly ! 8 bucks for dinner is n ' t bad . their whole pizzas are steep , but they are delicious .
why not just post the original link ? the one that is also in english ? why post a tweet of a tweet ?
yeah but a gun and a car are two completely different things . taking a gun into public , you are expecting to fire it . modifying your car to drive , you are expecting to drive it .
i agree , it ' s about seeding at this point . i think bucks could find themselves at the 8 seed if they do n ' t shape up a bit .
goddamn you again ? just let it go , man .
thank you . that ' s a perfect way to put it .
i liked it ' s darker themes and it ' s creepy areas , graphics are great for the time .
yes people with little savings absolutely can just pack up and move , find another job and affordable apartment , pay for moving costs etc .
no proof then ? okay so you ' re full of shit . and you do n ' t even know why your analogy was shitty . okay .
agreed . love the ability to play a game i would n ' t even thought about playing .
that is because you are a good considerate person , which those people are not .
i ' m glad my dad taught me work ethic . looks like this dirty hippie will be living of the government 5 years down the road .
there ' s definitely something illegal there . i ' d never risk taking that stop first time though .
they are both rights , but a gun is a physical object , a vote is based on an individuals opinion .
i ' ve spent the better part of my adult life putting that together . i feel like it ' s the right answer .
this needs to be the first bit of info on this megathread post .
student debt dies with the student , from my understanding . not sure about parent plus loans , i suppose .
his knife is probably worth more than yours but its very hard to sell . thats why he wont go 1 : 1
do n ' t get excited . he literally makes things up and passes them off on here as fact .
post all 100 repost links please .
and then turn a corner and run into them again and hide behind the bullshit cellphone cover kiosk .
too bad im white . i win .
that ' s right . that fear game sure was amazing . that one fear game . that is only one game . it ' s a shame they never made a sequel .
is there a vid of that ?
why would n ' t it spin when spun ?
yup , this show was evidence that you ca n ' t have an adult conversation publicly about certain topics because some people will get upset and you ' ll look like the bad guy .
regardless of agreeing with the current system , the current makes you their income source .
keep it about football in your own damn post ! who gives a fuck about a stupid typo , this isnt the middle school playground
that should affect the price , not the tip .
you ' re kidding yourself if you think it ' s equally as expensive to campaign in a country with a population density of over 7 times that of the us .
users do submit applications to work on a language , but duolingo still needs to accept people and enable them to start working on a certain language .
makes bitchy whiney post about bitchy whiney posters .
jr smith is a key piece to the cavs team . its good to have a jr smith .
can you not just scroll down and click mobile site ? i ca n ' t find a way to link it to a mobile version . edit : apologies , i figured out my own idiocy .
i ' m pretty sure the games against union were sold out .
my brother disagrees . 7 years as a cop and yeah , he ' s an intimidating guy but , he has a job to do and that ' s all . you should maybe not break the law and you wo n ' t have to worry .
indeed . i honestly believe if you are happy from within , or have some form of peace within you , it will show on your face .
i did n ' t win all those fights .
then you have n ' t been inside a jump plane . they ' re anything but perfectly good . usually they do n ' t even have a door !
show me a game we have been down two goals in any period and been able to win a game . then ill show some faith
how do you do it so fast ? do you put the results into a formula and it spits out the spreadsheets ?
i still really like clannad s1 . it had less of a serious tone than as and it was more comedic with the right amount of feels at just the right moments .
or they go to georgia state .
perhaps bringing this conversation to twitter would encourage him to address these allegations .
seems to work well for the swiss .
pretty sure it does n ' t , considering one of the save paths is the temp files .
yes , bring the shit under the yellow box , they give you the shit under the green box
i try to be nice sometimes because we were nice to a guy about 7 months ago and he is on our teamspeak everyday now , cool dude .
it ' s just seems irresponsible to take off last minute , and leave my work load on fellow employees . yes , it ' s my business , but i do n ' t like being selfish .
i ' m actually in a dorm , so i might bring it up with the university , but at least now i got clean clothes .
nah man you gotta win plz do n ' t do this to me
they suck , i agree .
yeah . it is when they finally break . hopefully he gets out .
see the turtle of enormous girth . on his shell he holds the earth
it ' s his gimmick , rage riley rage , which was a shot at kevin owen ' s old thing , kill steen kill .
lmfao actually that makes a lot more sense !
it does n ' t really matter if i actually feel bad . i was just being honest in the op .
ah , cool idea ! the twitch editor is a little rough around the edges , but a good call none the less .
that right there is the answer to half the posts in this damn sub . stop texting .
the reason i play left handed is because when i played 1 . 6 someone told me if i ' m not playing up to par switch to left handed for a while and switch back . now it is all i use .
you give enough to the community already . let me work on a temp over the next few days and i ' ll make you one for free .
no , the limit is four power units this season . ricciardo has already lost 1 ice so he only has 3 ice left .
i did n ' t believe everything on the island was a dream . that was just a simplistic answer to all the questions .
so carry concealed and if you somehow get spotted and approached , do n ' t refuse to leave .
my dad died 2 years ago . same deal .
is there such a thing ?
i wish my pics could show the paint better . so pretty !
false flags are false flags , which means they ' re real , right ? or is it false flags all the way down ?
because it ' s a button , and that is what they are for .
this is the main reason i side climb . wait until people start diving and the battle has begun !
i ' m in a music theory class currently , but i think casually exploring it yourself is the best route .
yeah i ' m pretty sure the game is free roam judging by the trailers .
if they try anything dodgy just initiate a charge - back with your bank .
south park does n ' t air on cartoon network , and it has swearing , lots of gore and what not
well you must not really have much of that . there ' s a reason why you got so much downvotes .
if i read correctly he would have also gotten a dangerous driving charge , so that ' s something . the fines are awfully low though .
ca n ' t wait for her to get nerfed so i can finally play her again without people saying she ' s op .
wo n ' t it piss of my manager and my team since they have spent so much time training me . i am really conflicted .
johnny five is alive ! god i loved those movies .
sadly i ' m legitimately not because i had high hope for fnaf 3 and yeah . no .
you may have responded to the wrong person . i ' m defending cat from unnecessary hate .
cool story . enjoy the rest of the playoffs , champ .
move into a room in someone ' s house for a few months . it ' s a pain in the ass , but you ' re going to get a better apartment .
they are currently in my car door remote and have been there for almost a year . no problems yet . i have also used other batteries from china in led flash lights and work just fine .
the comment and your name is too relevant . curry , probably has been getting no sleep . he may be involved in too many late night game planning with coach and team
like his music .
the only people who say this have not actually had to work with devs . apple is a shitty company but they ' re very good at web dev laptops
everyone should work retail for at least 2 months of their life then they will know the horror .
i meant your upper sole of your foot .
i ' ll take two . give the guy a break .
for me , they worked out fine . they were n ' t spectacularly great , but they let me have a dog and my friends , so i was happy .
who has the best ass that you ' ve seen ?
i ' m a dude , and i think even i envy that shape .
bells are coins , but with a star on them . animal crossing track does have them . there ' s even a rock which drops a bell if you hit it . nintendo is severely disappointed in you .
from experience , he is gonna have a mark there , he lost too much skin at too much depth for it to grow back fully .
but wait ! there ' s more ! this is totally free and costs you nothing ! it really does work though . give it a shot . unless if you ' re a female . i dunno if they have the same problem .
oooh , will you post pics ?
the u . s . benefits by preventing a russian monopoly in the asian oil and gas market . not to mention that cheap international oil keeps export nations like the us in good health .
pink .
fees for one . but fidelity offers some really great options . no reason not to stick with fidelity .
just got the email saying my order was canceled as well .
no one ' s getting kicked out . their lease ends . they move . its not an eviction
the hat just of to the side , that ' d look great .
easy for us to take great shots when the razors are so beautiful !
eh , it ' s been pretty alright so far . nothing great or anything , but totally not bad .
yes there is . his time to cash in was last year . made a bad deal ? not the organizations problem .
the shit with reggie is a bummer , i feel like we ' d be in a good spot if he were just willing to accept the bench role
omg drunk me does this too : o . but only the ones i send out . its a fun guessing game to try to figure out what i said based on the responses .
awesome . i was in that building helping a coworker move a few years ago , the view from his balcony was very similar . great view up there !
i dunno man . i dunno . that ' d be a dealbreaker for me .
can confirm looks very nc - ish : d i sure do miss home .
hbo want ten and producers want 7 , so i am guessing some kind of spin - off will happen from another book series in westeros
yes it is . memory lane is the song i was thinking of , thanks
high bar , i guess you could pinch a nerve in either position though .
tastes like slightly alcoholic apple juice with an sg of 1 . 50 down from 1 . 55 48 hours into brewing . everything seem right ?
no , i think what made that sound was a phantom fart hidden just above it inside the rectum .
you need if you want to change the real dpi and not the speed in windows . you need it to set macros or to change to lighting . its a shitty software and should be reworked .
same . even though i prefer dark eyes so i do n ' t know what that ' s about
edit : it my end up tournament style depending on turn out . sign ups look promising .
a good , sturdy camping back pack should be more than adequate to carry any child who is incapable of walking themselves around a shop for 2 minutes
hmm , i think maybe a dog of some kind ? maybe a labrador ?
a test ?
as i said before , i completely agree but there was a ask reddit question on functioning alcoholics so i didnt want that rehashed in this thread .
he ' s an almost elite man on man defender .
fire that ' s too hot for your body is the worst kind of fire to be on your body when your body is on fire .
oh well i ' m sure there will be the option to play as a scout and then you can just equip a sniper rifle .
somebody stole my bike ! do they rent bikes ?
problem is , he already injured that arm last year . i ' m scared .
i side loaded the color os camera , and on my phone it takes awful pictures . like , worse than any phone i ' ve ever had . i ' m guessing something is up with the way i loaded it , who knows .
i accept this compliment .
reservoir dogs . definitely worth the watch .
true ! good point haha . the main reason the i5 is on the option at this point is because of the sale at micro enter haha
very true ! i smoked dabs every day for months averaging around 5 - 10 dabs per day . now my tolerance is so high i have to be smoking every 15 minutes to stay at a good level .
yeah i was going for a 4 - 3 hybrid but fucked up and drafted too many lbs before grabbing a second dt will have to move some pieces around
kansas city . figure you ' d take that as a highlight of your season .
does not happen with me on ps4 , have tried that multiple times . have not crashed a single time after 18 hours of play .
it ' s actually not that big . should have used a banana for scale .
600k - 1m . only reason j guess that high is because he would be the only good brazilian striker in the game .
open and shut case , johnson
if one person , or even a few people in a subreddit of thousands can get you angry enough to leave , putting your translations out to the public might not be the greatest idea then .
possibly due to him being her legal guardian prior to her 18th birthday .
holy shit op all your comments have negative karma , stop commenting unless you want to kill your comment karma .
9 hours later , and so far only 2 people get this joke .
try a black hammer or an ice breaker body shot with a friend in rumble . think you will find it does n ' t kill .
the problem was n ' t so much making people happy . that ' s right in and of itself but if i did extra stuff it almost always bit me in the ass .
yea , he could n ' t wait 5 days to post it ? hahahah great post though .
in certain situations , it seems as if that is the only option . is it possible to even make a completely logical decision in such circumstances ?
on the internet , nobody knows you ' re an egg .
too bad nobody stole the name of the austrian village known as fucking .
the fn population has grown steadily , the fastest segment of our population i believe . a physical genocide would not lead to that fact .
open up the gta 5 installer tool , there ' s an option to repair files that are corrupted . it ' s a bit more out of the way than with steam but you can still do it .
a few of my friends team up and see how many slots they can take up , we have tons of extra parking so i guess it ' s not that bad .
no player is going to sign an extension that involves zero new guaranteed dollars .
on the east coast and slept right through it , haha
i can agree with that . it also feels good to hug someone while you shower .
then do n ' t hire them .
sweet ! congrats ! do you agree with the points i made about the difficulty ?
i feel like the nfl is doing the waiting game with adrian , they know shit is gonna go down
because doing it while there is no stuff or kids in the house is a good time to do it . typically i install a ceiling fan in every room and not all homes come with them .
two months . i could have sworn it was longer than that . this was my first post . just being nostalgic .
fair point . but is there a chance to die quickly in fire ? it still seems like jumping has the most chance of either surviving or having a quick death .
hey , he ' s a flyers fan so that ' s cool
yeah , i may practice some skill games and play some games in a manager career just to try and get some kind of feel for the mechanics back .
it ' s really backwards , and to top it off they ' re considering ways to use the bees in warfare .
we are a bunch of members of the fighting game community . but none of us here discuss the games , just the events around it .
i guess it is cheaper for a college student when you factor in splitting the rent with others .
the best part is that the troll thinks it is ugly and you ' re just trying to be nice in telling him otherwise .
lots of games use the cone of fire mechanism though and it works just fine . i agree trying to force tt on a fps is a mistake but i like the random cone .
all he is is big . he has no awareness , no punch , no hand moves . does n ' t beat double teams , does n ' t hold his ground . i watched tape and he mostly was just there .
ohh , no . it ' s racist for a totally different reason
can we give you official power to start a war for us ?
do you want him to play the whole game ? sometimes you gotta rest a good dude .
think of it as a right - to - work bill . it ' s a way to fix something the government messed up in the first place by allowing , and in some ways promoting monopolies on data delivery .
agreed , i ' d like to know a bit more .
hmm tricky spot there i cant say i know that feeling im not in college etc . is there study groups or like clubs and such to join up in
do you play on ps4 ? if you do , i can probably send you an invite the next time i do a raid with my friends .
no she does n ' t choose to be his friend . she choose him to be a second class citizen that she talks too .
apple store . yes sealed - brand new . 64gb 6 plus .
did she faint when she saw the power bill , and hit her neck on an open cupboard door ?
they said they did n ' t care , but others might . you ' ve attributed the uncomfortable feeling to the wrong person .
as a hairy leg owner , i understand , no shame in walking and jogging !
itunes is an apple product , only available for other apple products and windows .
yeah , i miss unidan too .
you want to believe that it ' s a work ? or just that there will be payoff ?
i have not . have n ' t even played the expansion , maybe i ' ll get to it one of these days .
seriously , you can just stop now . it ' s been made perfectly obvious to you by now exactly what i was talking about . i ' m not here to try to fix stupid , so just go mess with someone else .
that ' s what i thought too . i know that page applies to the comics , but i thought he was still pretty far from atlanta in the show as well . not sure why i got downvoted for saying that lol .
no no . it ' s not that i do n ' t have anyone to play , it ' s that the game never connects to the other person .
what roy said , if anything most veterans want to see the game succeed .
i really want us to be above arizona in the standings though so i can rub in my friends place that my crappy team is better then his though !
ahh see that ' s where he went wrong . in all seriousness though , skyrim mods both extend the life of the game exponentially and increase play ability . shame really
outside of the healthcare industry , i ' m not too sure . i had to order a gross the last time from a distributor , so i have plenty left .
nice ! sedan or hatchback ?
always practice safe sex , i read way to many story on other sub which say how they got std without using protection .
i use one for a truck gun . only thing i shoot at is chickens so it works pretty well
that ' s sick ! ugh , our devs are the best . thanks for the swift reply , guys .
depends . if your kid is young , then i would suppose pretty picky . i would be at least .
wishful thinking on my part . no need to be rude , though .
i ' ll pass , thanks though
ha ! just wait until you see the orange cabal ones !
send pms to anyone you want to contact , please . i ' d like this subreddit to be dedicated to this specific league .
all i did was open the wikipedia page for each ammunition and choose the shoulder diameter , its entirely possible i did n ' t use the right measurements i suppose .
how is saying they ' re stupid constructive criticism ?
why does something have to have a central nervous system ? chemical transportation could work on a slower scale , aka plants .
that i agree with but the video does n ' t show that . what it shows is funny to watch because it ' s like watching a monster truck drive over a bunch of smart cars , but not an outplay
just skip to the 9th and final hole and you ' ll be good .
shhh , hunting does n ' t exist in their world view . only dreams now , my son . dreams , john oliver , and whole foods .
what is the appropriate age to fart ?
why do n ' t they just put a big parachute on it if they want to re - use the rocket ?
if i could , today , play hl3 in its entirety , in exchange for never being able to play video games ever again , i would do it .
sure , from time to time . and yeah , she was kinda special . but this was all a long time ago now so not as often as i would have a decade ago .
drake would hug and smile at him into submission .
put them in the middle of the pack , between the people you actively approve of and the people you actively disapprove of .
how hard is that to understand .
i saw a video of someone doing that once and it looked painful as fuck .
i doubt somebody that ' s willing to abuse their truck like this would spend the money to swap in a supercharged 5 . 4 .
send it through mod mail so the other mods can easily see it .
it took a group of 8 of us about 5 or 6 hours to complete the loop . if you ' re by yourself you should be moving faster though .
i got kicked for team killing by dropping a care package on three teammates getting stuck on a rock as they were running by . does that count ?
that ' s a cool music . it would be amazing if you mail him .
money .
err , they ' ve been steadily reducing the number of shifts i get each week so i kinda doubt that .
quebec would be fine too . that was my point . in fact most of the provinces of canada could separate and be fine on the world scale .
i know others have said it before , but back it up every day . i lost my save and have to do it all over again . completing the game takes months .
a bit of a cunt ? i ' m the whole cunt ! nah , in truth it ' s just a bad day . super hungover . i still agree with my sentiment but he ' s not necessarily a jackass .
- me , every single game .
i have to say naomi is pretty bad ass . and has a pretty bad ass .
yeah , pretty much .
it ' s pretty much his brand at this point . people do n ' t hate kanye , they hate the character kanye .
i think it ' s more likely to end up with you down a friend , or multiple friends .
got my last word from a legendary back in those dark times . bricks were shit that day .
nobody likes bottom cunts .
you ' re our shorts . and we ' re flashing our florida - shaped dick at europe and africa .
ugh . will never find .
no it ' s not a curse to be stuck with that card man maybe a lindros
by the way , my first game was ac gamecube
nah that ' s just you being ignorant . the extent of my atheism is pretty much there ' s no possibility of god , same for most atheists . no one cares if you want to worship whatever .
you know , i legitimately feel better now that you said that . i was kind worried that you actually did n ' t read harry potter . like how do people even survive having not read harry potter ?
that is the sweetest thing i ' ve ever heard .
quite obviously a joke . pretty damn funny joke , at that
you only think it ' s condescending because you have literally no context on both the test and the relationship between the student and teacher
and that ' s exactly why no one goes to magic games . it ' s not fun watching your team lose , and lose , and lose .
i think if you are shitting bloody , large objects , there is cause for concern .
as opposed to all the love they feel for us now ?
honestly , i do n ' t really care as long as he does n ' t get in trouble again .
the issue of religious people imagining anything close to the events portrayed in the film actually happens in reality .
ye but i did n ' t say to harass women because it ' d be okay if you were hot , i said that interacting with women at all is seen as creepy .
he meant hooking it up to a tv is expensive .
good thing people like you do n ' t make the decisions i guess . i ' d rather have a scene with some integrity than some pieces of shit that match fix . na is better off without them .
ya usually at worst 1 or 2 players off not the entire team , how do they throw that many thru the house !
just because they ' re both written in sharpie ? lmao none of the letters are similar .
i know he is , i ' m just saying if it were to happen people would give him shit for running too hard on a routine fly .
thanks . i wish they were better too , but at this point i ' m committed .
i ' m convinced that it ' s not because he cares about defending at all , but rather that when he ' s on the ice , he just wants the damn puck
we are in for the win . the fa movement needs to get canned , this is where our journey begins
i do n ' t get that feeling at all . considering everyone talks about how much they enjoy playing with him , and every team he ' s been people have said the same thing .
how do you know if it deletes a post ? does n ' t it just go away ?
putting yourself in that situation where you are subject to the whims of politicians as a slave is bad enough . i mostly feel bad for them more than blame , though . they ' ve been misled .
it does n ' t matter when you do it , you ' re still losing the same amount of points .
he comments about going to school . god damn dude .
i agree with that , it looks good visually , but the ending is really kinda silly , and the other reason its on the list is because it ' s new , it will fall off after awhile .
buy it , it ' s a really fun game
there ' s not even that many similarities , to be completely honest
depends on how much profit he made . two hundred thousand in expenses , seven hundred thousand return ? i ' d go for that . also , i do n ' t know how much stores cost but you get the idea .
thanks ! i was happy when i captured that moment .
ur account is new , it does that for the first week or so .
the line of cars is always long but it ' s also the fastest drive - thru i ' ve ever known .
then take from your play and continue it on .
i even took an accounting class in high school and there was a chapter on taxes and my teacher skipped over it .
well he ' s not wrong . at least on vanilla servers there are tons of hackers due to game time .
and tumblr - created by a white , cis man . probably racist tho
it helps balance the game out . no class can single handily , without some sort of help , wipe a team of noobs and make the experience miserable .
that ' s a huge nerf . is n ' t he still extremely fast without it ?
yeah i figured i ' d wait and see how i feel around 7 or so . if i feel kinda ok ; i ' ll just power through on caffeine and health food
i doubt he is keeping his body fat as low nor is he keeping himself at a certain weight to make 170 . pretty natural to inflate a bit after .
in other words , water is blue .
i waited about 24 hours for it to dry . i would suggest just burning charcoal without forcing the air in first just so it can set better and does n ' t crack on the first run .
no i figured id wait on the steak sauce fairy to leave it under my pillow .
is this because it ' s a chemical fire ?
it is our only car , and it suited me well for single life . but its too small for groceries for two : o
running a sub 4 . 40 is fast , athletic is much more than fast
game play is sometimes over 90 minutes , you get extra time added on later after the second half ends to compensate for that or any other problem .
drink 151 that fast and you ' ll wish you were dead before long .
you ' d seriously want arsenal to win the champions league if they were playing somebody like munich ?
maybe the person was very excited and clicked buy 380 times !
we ' re basically seeing the pool scene from fast times from the outside .
pretty sure will also does the last screams at the end too so the guest vocals are layered over will ' s so it ' s even harder to tell lol
why would they care ?
i ' m sure they need it but why pay for it when someone is giving it to you for free ?
oh you ! we had an intense hand on the bubble . glad we made it to the money . good playing .
i assumed they were on the same team , if not that was fantastic !
no worries . if you have no luck finding a 290x , i ' ll buy both .
man the only thing about the cavs is i do n ' t know if they have enough postseason experience outside of lebron . i think they will win a championship within the next 3 or 4 years though .
then i would n ' t get my calls . i used to be able to turn notifications off . not sure what tweak and all that , i think it was something for ios 7 .
seriously , if i ' m at a bar or something and i ' ve already eaten a 25 course meal before coming , if i see that there are wings served with honey mustard you can bet i ' m ordering some .
wait this is real ? i thought you made it up as a joke .
awww fair enough . kinda expected it at some point anyway , was fun while it lasted !
nope , a ms .
i thought you were just being a cunt , but after an image search , your description seems pretty spot on .
it says that there is a lot of unhappiness in your own life , to revel in their misery over what , in context , is a very minor affair .
it ' s it . i ' m an admin too and its in my job . no need to get your undies in a bind over it . take two scotch and call me in the morning .
unlocking is a bitch and a half . plain and simple . it ' s so inconvenient , most people ca n ' t be arsed to do it .
i was able to trade already . should i have deleted the post ?
i do n ' t think this is the all in year though . the playoffs arent even a certainty no reason to mortgage it all .
i decided to stop playing halo , i realized i ' d never be any good .
worth noting is that the guy removed the pc post because it is for doing taxes not gaming or some shit like that . hence the finally can do my taxes around here .
stop oppressing me !
and you , sir , are taking a joke far too serious .
and the sequel , the green mile
i was sober . added some booze to my drink , now we ' ve scored . i ' m sorry liver .
but dc is sprinting , so justice league 2 is coming out the same year . if they release quality movies i hope they make marvel - levels of cash , too .
star trek did it .
remote desktop into it !
by risking your own life ?
how much of an increase is that for an australian ? we already have ridiculously high ping , any extra and the game may start to become unplayable in some areas .
you gotta know the artist , know their demographic , and know where their demographic is in your city
the guy is n ' t ignorant , he ' s willfully and intentionally a racist . note his username .
boobs . the answer is always boobs .
just join the 200 cc tourney . it ' s made by nintendo and is in the recommended section , so there ' s lots of people in it .
i think it helps when the car is tuned properly . just a stock tune and they are crap .
they can look up what is on your system . you just need to give them some information .
i go there all the time , mostly to buy sci fi . on his website it says you may or may not take over the store ?
i agree with this , the reactive combat system added in ww with the awesome animations made combat really exciting and fun .
thanks ! i was super happy because 16 hours of labor went into that yarn bomb install and we had just finished it .
fuck school ! top gear ' s back !
lol ya . i do n ' t think a few cops swinging billy clubs and running down a car on a highway is pragmatic . shoot a tire , do something lol .
i ' ve taken a skylines break since pillars of eternity came out . but this made me want to turn it back on and make these .
did your user name come from that last one ?
i hope that is the right eevee !
there ' s a few streams out there , but since it ' s usually on so late , i just catch it in the morning or the next day . bigger shows like this i ' ll try and watch life , though .
it ' s definitely over - rated from a physical sensation standpoint . for me , the best part is thinking about what a filthy girl she is for letting me put my dick in her butt .
there is no science on there at all . i highly doubt there ' s a single scientific study posted . if there was their likes would be far lower .
glad to help ! thought i ' d just take a look at it myself only to realise that and thought you ' d appreciate being told . thanks for the answer anyway !
sorry , i have shitty memory
that ' s not too bad . i do like to go buy things there i would n ' t normally buy but i ' ve never even looked at the nuts because i figured they were on par with most other places .
yeah . i put a beer in the fridge the night before , then move it into the freezer 45 - 60 mins before i want to drink it
i remember they just disappeared one day , and the only place you could find them was at this very shady mexican corner store back in my home town .
good point ! opening my gates now !
nope , wo n ' t impede . they already have antennas and airspeed sensors etc down the center and vertically in the eye line also . so actually the track vision will be the same .
no real reason for pre - workout , it ' s a waste of money imo . just drink some black coffee if you really want to take something .
go white !
my bullet knife from supreme separated into pieces in my pocket . they ' re accessories are always kinda cool , but i would n ' t buy many expecting something great .
you ' re a fucking dumb cunt holy shit .
i consider dwight howard , joakim noah , dmc , and marc gasol to be really good . you ' d be hard pressed to make a case that bogut is in that level
no idea what you ' re talking about , but i am almost certain you ' re either full of shit , or worse , you were asked by your bf to go prove an internet stranger wrong on the internet
texan should be bigger in other dimension .
that occured to me as well , i do n ' t often get 5 kills on a life as infantry .
feminism is about equality of both genders . everyone can do what they want . joss and every firefly character perfect that idea .
the lifesteal is the craziest part i think .
me too . i read , more specifically : i cosplay as master chef , because who would want to be the chief ? i expected master chief in an apron .
the ranking page is the next thing i plan to overhaul , and server division is going to included in that .
yeah , but as far as nsfl videos go , it ' s pretty tame , and although we know he died , it ' s not quite clear in the video .
that ' s the same as telling a mcdonalds worker to wear a suit so people will respect them .
so what you ' re saying is that if i invent a way to watch live sports in a plane , i ' ll be set for life . we need to get some top men on this .
i ' m guessing you live in a rural farming community . that ' s where i live and almost every male i know that ' s 16 or older can drive a manual . however , most girls ca n ' t .
sounds like a great strategy for winning over moderate muslims .
mandarin has the most native speakers , but yes , english has more total speakers than any other language , making it the most common .
it was a mix of man - bat and man - thing to make bat - thing
haha i mean bkb is super strong still , yes but i just do n ' t like how people playing the heros mentioned above just care not about bkb
oh yeah you can edit it btw . just make it alphabetical and put either working or not working .
it ' s hilarious that the woman who said she ' s sexist against women has over 20 net upvotes but the man who says it is sitting at 0 .
shit . i forgot my math . i hope the rest rings true for you though .
we ' ve already been fighting men in the government for years to attain full rights for our bodies . really , christian sharia law is not far behind if shit like this keeps happening .
you ' re telling this to a caps fan mind you .
my company is going full windows . already putting phones in the field and going to surfaces instead of laptops . i ' m sure they had a good price on this . we are n ' t small .
i get there tomorrow . i have n ' t really been thinking about my trip very much . my sons been in and out of the hospital the past couple days , so i have n ' t been my normal prepared self .
except that not all guys are , or want to be jocks : p
uhhh . i ' ll duck . you act like i have n ' t had rpgs shot at me before .
yeah lets put a special health bar on him so you wo n ' t confuse it with a courier .
higher end tablets with full windows support can also run comms and game directly .
the reffing has been shit all night and for both sides .
blt , sometimes with egg , never with soggy bread .
i made a mistake , it is a reply message to other people , how to remove it , i can not find it
makes it impossible to be funny , that ' s the joke .
full time .
ca n ' t stop watching those .
hover text .
me too . in a big fan of doug benson but still have n ' t got around to watching it .
hmm to save money you might look into scrap yards . if you can find a used transmission with low enough miles it could be worth it to swap that over .
last week lyte and his coons almost broke my legs cus i owned them 21 rp ! you are in big trouble man !
i ' ve never seen a more appropriate name for a team
children are n ' t punished . just because the mother decided to have a baby does n ' t mean the father should be punished .
yeah , i ' m not a big fan of shaq on that show and love barkley , but taking shots on live tv at someone ' s family is really messed up .
4 paragraphs in i decided i had pretty much read the whole article already based on the repetition . glad i quit when i did .
near field communication , actually . it ' s rfid . edit : shit .
xbl has been having intermittent issues for a couple months now , could be another one of those amplified by the influx of heist players
oh yeah , well i do n ' t have high expectations for google either .
breaking news ! water is wet .
what ' s your steam ?
the guy in the black and yellow . if the other team had tagged him with the ball he would be out . instead he reached base and was safe .
well , geoff ramsey has a pretty good life .
because horny old men only make a small percent of her viewers . she probably gets a lot of views for her tips and exercises ?
i found counter strike very interesting . not sure what you ' re trying to get at .
something tells my gut that d - rose would play for the bulls for a lot less money than he is actually worth to another team .
or you know , india does n ' t want to spend billions and then find out that france cannot deliver them because the us told them not to
yeah not a great pick this game . just wanna see how fear builds it this patch
how sad must your life be that you take joy in the suffering of others .
it kinda hurt my head to make too . i kept trying to rotate things in my mind to make sure i was placing the correct teams in their correct spots .
maybe if msu was n ' t hacking every possession we could play basketball .
but that ' s competitively , you can play all sports no matter your skill set or physical attributes .
is this your first time on the internet ? you know not to resubmit orders just because the page did n ' t load afterwards , right ?
yes , we are capable of doing that . yet we are still animals . we are not immune to the laws of nature , no matter how smart we think we are .
if we had roy he would have been out 3 minutes ago . but probably a minute or so
completely ? not a single similar gem or armor piece ? weird . my eyes must be going bad because i see a lot of similarities . specifically in the types of talisman and head piece .
thats nice . i got little to say atm tho . im really bored .
we do n ' t know yet who ' s going to play that ' s why i listed the entire cast .
aw , poor ent puppy suck lol !
this guy .
haha i did n ' t tip us either , happy to be wrong .
i know right ? i came to see a bear chill on a couch , not listen to kids yelling about random shit . replace the audio with some smooth jazz though and we ' ve got something .
hey that ' s stereotypical , i live in wisconsin and only binge drink on every day that ends in y . but in all honesty when beer is the culture in my state it hard to say no to drinking .
ahh man i ' d never heard of them until tonight ! all they had in this chinese supermarket was strawberry and cream soda ! blueberry sounds awesome !
still as funny as an anti - helmet activist falling off his motorcycle and dying but would have lived had he wore a helmet , and those stories are decades old
to memory , most of my playthroughs have high chaos : p
i agree . i want to work on it , not against it .
i work for a company on airport property that does n ' t have wi - fi access for employees .
i turned 21 in 2004 so there may have been some lost memories that year .
we were engaged at the end of january and married october 10 last year ! it ' s a good date - enjoy it .
i watched this for 45 min thinking it was going to stop . thanks
delivery is express post with an ice pack , or hand delivery for a small fee . pick up from wandering cooks in south brisbane is preferred !
be quiet kids , i was being a math dick to the guy who put 0 . 1 as the version number ! kappa
i was hoping the top comment was : finish the mix . you can spend literally the rest of your life mixing a song and never being happy with it .
i ' ll then run a bacteria culture on this cheeseburger from mcdonalds i ' m about to eat .
thick as a castle wall . watch taxi driver .
no , i have a life . sorry .
probably wo n ' t spend money on it until i ' m out of college with a sustainable income .
this is part of what makes his habit so obnoxious . it is n ' t like he has food allergies or wants certain ingredients omitted from his plate . i kind of think he just wants to feel special .
god im still so salty i was too late for tickets for that show .
this was the best part of the whole post .
joe has a job because his father was a legendary broadcaster .
so respawning in games is not just another story where the hero did not die when you did ?
war is boring articles are almost always trash , there ' s a reason why nobody takes them seriously .
first of all , how can you get a burn from a laptop ? are you nerves dead ? also , nobody forces you to put it onto your skin ? i mean it ' s basic stuff .
is it worse ? i think there never was a really bad episode . that was n ' t one of them either .
and i would ever go as far as say that it would be superior but riot do n ' t want because we would care less about their skins and that explanation is full bullshit .
except for me , i go around correcting people on what is and what is n ' t a gmt watch . : p
i lived there for a couple years ; i loved it ! definitely the best city i ' ve ever lived in .
yes , but it was god damn superboy prime that broke out . plus he was terrified of any flashes after that .
i much prefer 9 to 5 work to studying engineering . i have so much more free time and money .
did n ' t you watch the part right after ? they go outside and the trees are all on the ground . there was a tornado or some shit .
you need to download the triad wars client to activate the key .
aight thanks . what color socks would you say instead of white ? black ?
take a break , be happy outside of league . maybe you ' ll wanna come back or you do n ' t .
big - room , bounce , future house : the mainstream trifecta
past dues puppies are worse .
they ' ll probably compete for it . it ' s good to have two top class players in each position really . most top clubs do .
weird , i can hear it as cave johnson , but i can also hear it as an abusive studio band director , or toby mcguire ' s boss when he worked at that newspaper .
there ' s a huge circle jerk over turn based games lately i think . i personally really regret buying this game . wish it was on origin so i could have returned it , but no . steam .
red clashes with my blue build though , gah .
the max i was gonna go was an inch , it ' s gonna be a family car not a show car , once we have this baby i ' m gonna get another gti and bag that bitch
it would be a little hard for drake to have 3 classic albums by the age of 25 when he only released his first album when he was 24 .
and the rockies already have a game to make up from earlier this week . as someone in denver currently , i ' d be surprised if they play today .
interesting thought . why did you choose orange ?
jesus christ you made me laugh so hard . i did not expect your comment to end the way it did . its 2am and i almost died from a coughing fit
me three . im actually insisting i help my friends with the weekly and nightfall even though ive done it this week , just to rip apart everything with thunderlord and arc burn
or at least one black person they talked to once .
from the way it seems , its from filming that occurred last night .
this is coming in a future build to un - select abilities ! its going to be awesome ! keep the feedback coming !
lag on 2014 moto x too . it ' s a dog .
yeah , i have the invoice it came with from nike . com
oh i misinterpreted the title . i thought you meant they did n ' t take notes because they were n ' t in class , my bad .
you do realize kendrick and pharrell were in the studio before gkmc right ? this could ' ve been recorded before the album and added to snoop ' s album . chill .
put plenty on my plate as in it will showcase a lot of skills ?
ya , it is pretty sickening . in my experience , though , this is not all that uncommon a perspective of a lot of females these days , stoked to a fever pitch by all the media .
this is one of the rare cases where the answer is not 42 .
end of the day , to me we ' re man united and every team that is not on our level of quality should be an easy game . should be . whether the players bottle it or not , that ' s different .
was browsing top posts in fph and saw her comment about being fat . decided to dig
ca n ' t you see i ' m talking , white ?
get two kittens . it helps a lot .
that ' s what an ips panel did to me
true , but they have probably seen days hotter than balls in between then and now as well . plus they may or may not have been attractive to boot .
huh ? the point is that it actually would be a good comparison , but it was n ' t included because it does n ' t fit the narrative wanted by op .
make it a large or do n ' t even bother .
the fighting of the fire was done with water . not like the old days , when we used to fight fires by hand .
yes , they are . he ' ll put them in his food and when he decides he wants new stuff . and then he ' ll sit by the doorway and meow until you notice .
does a strike look like this ? does this count as trash talk if no one can hear me ? what say you ? team representatives report !
microsoft does n ' t really make any money off consumer copies of windows anyway
ahh honest with yourself . i understand . i thought you were saying people who are free to play are somehow more honest than people who are n ' t lol
well hank is n ' t great playing the puck . the problem is i grew up watching marty play . so now no goalie makes me comfortable .
it ' s kind of dark and chilly out right now . still better than it had been , though .
it still is and i would n ' t completely rule it out , i just think there are some big questions grrm would need to address to make it work .
its pretty terrible but 5 out of the 7 nights i get baseball on the television and the other two the lady gets the tv . a fair deal .
wouldnt the loser be the second one to score because then the first guy would start the kick off and thus did that .
they are prohibited by law although it is a misdemeanor .
nothing . but making a woman with an infant sit around for 2 hours while he stands in line for a plastic toy is just a horrible thing to do .
respect for people with tact . and he was a great supervisor . sorry i didnt give a full report of my time working there .
the blockchain would be the record keeping system ; if trades of privately held shares require legal agreements to execute , that wo n ' t go away simply because of the blockchain .
you play 10 placement matches , and depending on how well you do in those 10 , you can be placed in bronze , silver or if you do excellent low gold .
it is cool , i ' d like to invest a bit more time in them but the law says i do have to feed my kids .
i have one first cousin - in - law , she ' s the one having the baby . one of my other cousins got divorced , i think . we do n ' t talk about her .
that is really nice ! i am trying to start losing weight now and it motivates me a lot to hear that you ' re doing well . and yay for the boy !
i ' m sure there are but i ' m only talking about the ones i ' ve read .
thanks man it ' s been a while
i mean , a decade of voice acting , a half decade of various shorts , public appearances and podcasts and three movies is n ' t enough for you ?
they could remake this game on every new generation handheld and i would buy it each time .
i would suggest you go with that offer .
jesus really ? i ' d fear for my life and my penis if i ever got a message that long from a chick .
these kin types ai n ' t big enough for the two of us .
so much nicer than the soulless american look we have today .
no problem fam , take your time and rest up , this is a good thing you ' re doing .
please do . also please keep your budget on the economy sheet so that us mods can see it . did you pay them 30k or 30m in this post btw ?
no , this happens every year , most kids are just behind on shots and will be allowed to attend when caught up , the other people will just check the personal exemption box .
yeah , that ' s pretty much what i want .
4 players , no more no less it seems .
but in 1 . 6 you could actually use the awp close ranged by just not scoping in . that way you had larger fov but still good enough accuracy .
posted limit is 100 , which my sister was exceeding , but it ' s a stretch of highway where the locals do 130 .
i was also enjoying it . if we can survive like we did for the last few days , then whatever persistence is meant to be like should be a breeze for us now .
all women are the scum of the earth so no .
yeah last weekend i was out in shorts and a t - shirt in my backyard . was in the mid 60s . i have hardly had my heat on all winter to be honest .
only because democrats do n ' t know how to compromise . dems have to give to get when they are in power and vice versa .
hey man , small purchases are better than no purchases .
not sure that is a good idea if you are in the 1 , 5k range . might be worth a try though .
still works - was doing it a few hours ago .
how the ever loving fuck did you get fifteen keys ? i ' ve only had four pass through my hands ever .
just random things . but the vast majority is blank . the last clear memories are the battle against jack ' s army .
the bucs sure can fail at signing free agents on a regular basis .
would you mind sharing the list ?
my mom had random clown shoes in the attic . just added a little white duct tape .
it does n ' t really matter whose fault it is ; the problem stays the same throughout all media and shows in which death is suddenly declared temporary .
it was all on camera shit . they ' re cool off screen . wwe shit .
it ' s from a die antwoord music video .
no international matches for him so he can get a long rest before the pre season friendlies start . hopefully his ankle can reach a full recovery by then
ill have to try that . if you zoom in and look at the sides of my car you can see all the scratches and lumps , hence lumpy ' s name .
it ' s not that unusual to take out the trash once a day , especially for a family of four or more .
agreed , super rational . i would hope we could handle conflicts in our relationship with open and brutal honesty . but thinking back , i think this is the only red flag he ' s shown .
i completely agree . which is why i said people can do whatever they want as long as it gets it done , and as long as they have fun .
let me quickly tt , having some phone issues i need to fix . i ' ll open in a moment
how do i get op to move out of my suburb ?
why do you do that ? why not just try to find productive things to do or ask if there ' s anything you can do ?
poland was always a progressive nation throughout history . russia is the one who insists on bringing people back down to cavemen times
would be a waste of time and money . private sales are as is .
yeah , civ 5 works well , i ' m still trying to understand the game though .
have you considered selling your body ? that ' s how i pay for things .
shave it , it will change your life . not smooth , just short with a body hair trimmer , no stubble .
getting an agent is the first thing you should worry about before thinking about getting into your own room .
i always wondered how clg would ' ve done in the summer split last season if nien stayed .
there is nothing he can tell op that will make him attractive . women go for men they find attractive , they ' re not machines that you can short - circuit with some sort of trickery . sorry .
i ' ll set something up
you know you ' ve lost when you start throwing a temper tantrum about downvotes .
a large portion of reports made , the reddit discussions are actually deleted . pretty disgusting .
it ' s not that deep though .
this would be funny if it were n ' t almost exactly what happened to the poor bastard .
was just curious : p
i would have been excited to see the movie at the time . choosing between the two right now though , i ' d watch star trek ii .
i do n ' t have a favorite because i enjoy all types of music .
faith , my son
my man .
original portal , portal 2 was ok but aside from a few moments , i do n ' t enjoy replaying it .
i ' ll take your word for it : d
is it so hard to actually answer the question someone asked ?
does it get better or something later on ? because me and my gf went to watch it and it just looked like a low budget crap movie . we got about 30 minutes in before we just gave up .
there was a point last year where i actually had a bunch of variants down , but now i do n ' t because i stopped caring so much about them .
anything involving cheese or mashed potatoes in a pain in the ass to clean .
yeah they added an invite only option that is different than private lobby . if you enable it and then create a lobby that exploit doesnt work .
they ' re actually black but they did n ' t show up too well in the pics . anything in particular wrong with them ?
for a day , it certainly is . i speak from personal experience my friend .
yeah , i get you , but seeing how they had everything to lose and so much to win and seeing how the game looked like at its initial presentation , i am not surprised .
far from it . it ' s ridiculously fun . 1000x more entertaining than games like battlefield or cod and all those other cookie cutter games . take my word for it .
are you a fat bastard ?
the only thing i ' m high on is love . love for my son and daughters . yes , a little lsd is all i need !
if they fire leon cameron , yes .
yes , but this does n ' t count because guys want to look like that ? something .
or just older dads who had stories of alpha shit they used to do but now just like to nap all the time . still a solid dad though .
exactly . the end 2 . 1b is part of the reason i wanted to share this tip .
well of course , but if something happens like this , the teachers should try to get to the bottom of it . that ' s what they did over here .
i live in a state that still loves freedom . i did n ' t even have to take a background check when i bought an ak - 47 . i honestly think we might have a little too much freedom .
personally , i think it ' s more than just the beard .
funny , i just cracked a study beer .
it ' s not pooping unless the light is off .
yes tomorrow night would be great ! i ' m having an early one tonight so that works out well . sorry for the late reply .
you ' re disrespecting the entire team by doing that . it has nothing to do with just one person .
bah gawd king triple h has buried the duck in half !
and me , looking like an idiot looking for some kind of sex scandal .
i only read books written by zen masters .
if i ever went liberty , i ' d rather not delay the free great person from the finisher .
but native russians probably say exactly the same : p
20th of which month ?
no , he takes his dog and guitar to the office .
try wrapping some white t - shirts around your feet .
not really , just do n ' t go super hard right away . ride for a few minutes and take a few turns easy first , after that they ' re pretty much good to go
there is a law of the universe that says things tend to slow down you you start punching holes through them .
yeah , but then you ' ve got the sound too , unless you ' re going to wash it through some software . actually , gfy is video , just without the sound .
the big difference for me is swiftkey tries to autocorrect too much . when you press space you have to delete and try to enter the right word , sometimes you have to do this multiple times .
really ? that ' s a bit weird no one i know irl has actually been able to run the game properly on 980 ' s and 780ti ' s . i suppose its hit and miss then .
stop doing that . we do n ' t need phone calls wasting water .
yeah my sb is this friday , my id wo n ' t be here by then . luckily i have a couple others .
okay , that ' s cool then . like i said , i was kind of reserving judgement on that point . good to know though , thanks .
you see a penis ? i feel like psychiatrists would have a field day with you man
i wonder how you would rationalize someone deserving success in the nfl . he ' s certainly had plenty of chances . though you do n ' t want to see him fail , does he deserve success ?
she got dat fish ass tho , but she does become a human , so it ' s half okay ?
open .
news like this belongs in a separate subreddit , dedicated to the game , imo .
oh we do . we know our costume for this year and have already started gathering supplies .
why would a corpse rise and turn into a zombie if the person did n ' t die from infection ? this is n ' t walking dead ?
reddit user blames the woes of the world on reddit users while using reddit . naturally .
no straight man has the capacity to wear sandals without socks .
alex guerrero is straight up hot .
sure ! graphics card is fully updated . 2 of the same type of monitor are via dvi ports , and a tv is hooked up via hdmi .
because they have better shit to do , unlike in america , where traffic stops are a cops prime directive .
if you think brutal honesty is a good response every time someone you care about says something slightly offensive , you have autism .
also , that tank will soon be filled with ammonia from their waste and poison the fish as the filter is not biologically mature or even large enough to process a goldfish ' s waste .
how do you kill that which has no life ?
there ' s one in the middle on the right .
well , it sounds like youve had a heck of a week , did school shut down ?
i have no idea what you just said .
it varied . theres some t that anyone without a booth had to charge at least 5 . but some people were asking to buy merch which went from 20 - 70 .
has it occurred to your stupid fuck ass that there are other reasons why it is not set up yet ? he has repeatedly said government bullshit is holding it up .
i think thurman gassed towards the end . he probably expected to have him out of there in the early rounds .
maybe he should try food some time .
that person did n ' t call you ugly . they said your antics were not cute . also i did not agree to our marriage . i need a less intimidating husband .
thanks man ! it was a pretty simple diy mod that ended up looking pretty nice imo .
would n ' t care ? what about all the spider parties ?
you do n ' t ? you aim and quickly shoot .
how did it break ? if you do n ' t mind me asking .
they ' re the inspiration for a luxury sneaker called the common projects achilles .
same . thinking about going to sleep now so i can try to be awake until the end ; _ ;
you ' d think it would n ' t , but there ya go . maybe arin had to stop at a gas station or five to take wicked dumps along the way ?
have you ever stood barefoot in sand ? sand is clearly hotter than the sun .
you ' re programmed to want to stick your dick into women , whereas they ' re programmed to want high - status men and babies . that ' s life .
i wonder if your username will be used as an insult in the show before long .
the funny thing is i expected everyone to go the other way . i expected people to read it as look at all the good things the art tax is doing .
so they couldve just started hazard on his own , no team mates ? he didnt win on his own . chelsea ' s squad won , barely .
that ' s real cool . good luck with it .
is n ' t it his 6th overall ? although wearing giants championship rings to a pats event would be mean .
your doctor liked your einstein dog shirt as well ?
married guy here - scrap the gf and just do it all yourself with all the hassle - free free time you have ! : d
i ' m not saying it is , just that for that span of time he is another option
i am actually writing this part of the faq as we speak .
sorry , i played it on the original xbox in the 2002 or 2003 neighborhood ; i did n ' t even know it was released on pc .
colorado , about 20 - 25 mins outside of denver to stay with some relatives for awhile while i get my feet under me .
except when the flyers get pittsburgh off their game , they win , so ultimately it did n ' t work too well .
this is n ' t weird ! me and my so do this as well . it ' s nice .
yeah i know . they are looking for a catchy title . for all i know he would probably die if he was reading for 19 hours , but then nobody would make a huge news out if it , right ?
does it cost as much to import from north america to other parts of the world as it does the other way around ?
i sometimes have people give me an item and wrap and ask me to overwrite the previous gifted from name .
i ' m older than the avg starting age of their team . that ' s ridiculous .
won what ?
i will got through his tut on the command line interface . thank you for the clarification
only the parking that says student . it ' s the lot around the old carl ' s jr place .
in australia as well .
no obviously its at full health , the max health possible just got halved .
most of the time , yes , you can buy them individually . oddly enough , there are times when they are priced as singles but only sold in pairs .
15 bucks is a pretty good deal for 2 awesome games .
holy crap , flashback . i took my son to see this when it was first released , he was 8 . when it got to that scene , you could hear kids sobbing all through the theater
i love it too ! probably one of my favorite cars at the moment .
i feel like i would have a better chance at points . cause then i could afford a bad game . but that might take to long .
i gave you an upvote for your passion and conviction .
it ' s a joke . that guy is harley , the host from epic meal time .
who could they sell to if there ' s no planning permission ? there ' s no profit in building a pub
i do n ' t have any white sugar in the house , so i put brown sugar in people ' s tea when they come over . no - one complains .
use your brains before calling others retards mr . business lord . valve is obviously more focused to bigger part of playerbase but keyword here what you are missing is : marketing .
3 is only three years old . and i played it last year .
i happen to be iv breeding some ha amaura . would you be fine with holding one as collateral while i hatch your egg ?
waiting for video game accessories that sell out the second they release , more like .
the possibility is high .
i bought into it because my parents said things like that . then i became poor and realized my parents were full of shit .
do n ' t you know most glass ceilings are broken by vaginas ?
spotify feature ? i never heard of this .
do n ' t start no shit , wo n ' t be no shit .
ok , i ' ll try that out the next time i play thanks !
no i really like my third dimension . i ' m happy i ' ve got it since it just makes everything that much deeper .
busquets had just kicked the dirt and grass into his face .
you are spectacularly stupid are n ' t you ? not so hard to toss meaningless insults when you run out of bad points
we ' re a step up from previous clubs .
yeah , it can even take a draco meteor like it was nothing
yes , sorry , i should have specified . my gate is open whenever you ' re ready .
i feel the love in my heart of the button . anger has consumed you brother . press the button . eternal serenity awaits .
if i ' m driving , this is my go to drink as well . i understand the feeling .
my 4 year old gaming pc would blow up the requirements . and ps4 hardware . the average computer is n ' t built for gaming , though .
gross . my mouth is generally closed . if someone were to fart while i was talking i would probably freak out a little and walk away .
can confirm , live in wv . it ' s been negative digits at night , teens during the day .
sounds pretty great . it ' s like the warm weather has given me a ton more energy .
after she lights him on fire .
people spend time getting achievements ?
i thought i was the only one ! i usually wet my dry hand with my wet hand and it makes it more bearable !
shit that was bad lol . my autocorrect goes by a most recent word used preference . sucks but i like the phone . i ' ll try and fix it .
and 3 weeks , 4 days . but 14 hours without water to look dry .
being handsome and likable is obviously his full time gig . hockey , music , modelling , television producing , and driving expensive cars are all just his side projects .
i definitely understand .
i hear you man , me too . i think it lit a fire under the asses of those that support the apartheid state when their leader spilled the beans in public .
bc i wanted it at first but then i had second thoughts and i saw another hat that i really liked .
oh really ? you can change the amount that you buy in a stack ?
me neither , one of japan ' s free games of april is monster bag so probably we are going to get that one
how rude . you did n ' t even thank him for the opportunity to make that joke .
the sarcasm train missed your stop .
sexism ? i thought we were talking about sexual harassment ?
damn , i do n ' t know what to tell you then . i heard that xbl was down for a bit , so it might ' ve been that . other than that , i have absolutely no idea .
not all brands coat evenly so unwanted pregnancies can still be a concern .
next thing you know we wo n ' t even be able to give dolphins handjobs anymore .
yeah , it may be easier for op to talk to her dad if she has some specific options in mind to present him with .
yes i have . i attempted without the mem card and even with the ac charger only
it ' s a wikipedia article so it ' s mostly built from reliable articles and sources , it ' s not a source in itself . i ' m taking everything i read including books with a grain of salt .
get this man a promotion !
golf umbrella in the city ? that ' s a paddling . i saw two idiots trying to walk under a beach umbrella in manly last night , they were struggling .
y ' all already burned his jerseys , this would be the next logical step
but have they figured out middle light ?
things that are petty and immature ca n ' t also be hilarious ?
how about you just give me the cookie ?
how does this work ?
what ? i did n ' t even catch that she was wearing a wedding dress ! time to rewatch it !
i ' m not your pal , friend .
i was shadowbanned because i got caught up with a spammy ip address . it should be fixed now , thanks for making me aware of that . i had absolutely no idea .
thanks man , i ' m sure you ' ll get it too as soon as you finish your request . that thing was monstrous !
he did it on purpose so he could buy stock at a lower price .
my cat pissed in my dog ' s food dish .
yeah ! basically anarchy the rest of the year . we celebrate that norway got it ' s own constitution on that very date .
this is a rare price for ddr3 , might drop to similar prices in future but unlikely to be cheaper . ssd ' s will continue dropping as 2 . 5 and 3d memory scales up .
there should be at least some indication that they ' re not actually playing and instead open cases for ever and ever .
i just pointed out what i thought the reasoning behind it was . i never made my own stance clear .
i miss how he would end a match if you did n ' t finish them .
the drivers i ' m using are stable , but performance with dota is just abysmal .
cracking goal today , composed and a fine finish .
i ' ve seen enough older a - cups to know that many of them go a weird long hollow shape as they age .
makes betting a tad more exciting . also only applies to seasonal matches . if it is an important match there will be additional time and if that fails penalty shootouts .
thanks man i owe you one .
ok , sorry , but it sounds to me like you were suggesting they are legally unable to do it . so what ' s your criteria for weighing action vs inaction in this regard ?
and it ' s not like they grew up the whole time together and developed a regular brother sister relationship .
not to your work at least . work must be boring for you .
there are some really light weight ones available .
do you know the names and phone numbers of your previous coworkers ? all of them ?
abc ' s of death 2 ! currently watching it
i immediately thought cat , hair and suit was the giveaway .
yeah me too . i ca n ' t remember what they used to cost as i had n ' t bought any in several years . so anything looks semi - okay to me even though i know i ' m overpaying .
yeah , that ' s a smarter way to play it .
he probably means as a people . not the government that the founding fathers made .
public transportation in america sucks , that ' s why is weird to see .
our bullpen does n ' t need another extra inning miracle .
thanks , i really dig it too . i ca n ' t take credit for it , but i ' ll ride it with pride !
i wish we would stop having these cold quarters . so damn frustrating .
do n ' t jynx it , but yeah , there have n ' t been any big problems as of yet . let ' s hope it keeps this way .
oh shit , i misread the title .
hell yeah i ' ve always loved 2 . 1 , 2 , and 3 are all classics in my eyes
i did try , took me straight to the login page .
i mean , they did lose to a college team .
dammit , that ' s exactly what i wanted to post . xd
animals will always strive to survive . it ' s the strongest instinct of them all . only humans give up and embrace death .
we ' re all bots here , frank .
it might have been painful if he went to someone in the same division , but i agree with you as to how it was .
this episode is an hour and fifteen minutes long .
oh man i totally remember the blink forums , i was on those bad boys like every day when they first got back together lol
thank you for helping my dumb ass figure out that it was a dumpster i was looking at .
it doesnt sound ridiculous at all to anyone that isnt a naive idiot .
oh god i miss made so much .
you can learn plenty if you have a general idea of how to learn , search for solutions and come up with solutions .
do n ' t pretend like the super genius himself could n ' t turn this team around .
ehh depends . if you ' re in a certain age range , all your friends are up that late and around colleges many grocery stores are open that late like the safeway near uc berkeley .
sad face . no . work called me back to tampa early so i had to fly out wed night late .
steel memes ca n ' t dank jet fuel .
i have to agree he was very polite and friendly and laughed when i asked to sign it . it was a very cool experience .
the farm is beautiful , but a bit out of our range when trying to afford food and drink , unfortunately .
fair enough , cheers . my bad
it ' s a list for the updated files in the patch . those files are new in the patch , so they are n ' t listed .
ooh , you almost had me . north country here .
what about windows games live , i remember having issues with that . is that still required or we do n ' t know yet
yep , you ' ll break ribs , but the point is you wo n ' t die .
damn you ' ve been gone for a long time . i replayed this game about 10 times total
can you explain why he did that ?
personally i liked spider - man better .
hoping that williams might nick a win or two .
yup . the recovery file is lacking some information on mine too . when i get time ill try getting any missing updates but i dont know where to go from there .
trying to , the moon is a lot harder than the sun .
that was the other part of it . because there are a lot of paper crane tattoos out there , but none like this one .
shut up , that ' s how my black hole is gonna work . who ' s plan for universal destruction is this ?
op is a youtube link bro ?
i ' ve actually never tried an mp game
live off the grid . pay no taxes .
they will continue to break the law until we force them all to wear body cameras and a make them accountable for their actions .
but what about clearing the hit ? does n ' t that get you more for your money ' s worth ?
i ' m sorry , did n ' t only kids could call people out for being cunts . is prick better ? do n ' t need your response , i have more reasonable arsenal fans responding to me . have a good day
i will definitely talk to him about it . thank you !
yea i ' m wondering about someone with ten years of experience .
as a free alternative , i bet downloading a free to play game like tf2 would have done the trick .
you also do n ' t have nearly as much cap room , an extra mill or two per year is n ' t a big deal to keep one of the guys that brings more to the team than just his play .
my guild is only about 20 players that play most of the day every day . i dont go for super amounts of player my focus is active player !
you said it was marked down . so it ' s on sale . you hit up a walmart for 10 months , getting product for ten cents . how can you compare these two even remotely ?
oh that ' s cool . i was just wondering why . it ' s a shame , that body style is very attractive .
then people would just bitch about how they did n ' t have enough strange coin to buy it or they were out of town or something . destiny babies will always find reasons to bitch .
oh my god i ' m so sorry you had to find your buddy like that , i ca n ' t even imagine . did he do it himself or do you suspect foul play ?
lol . wow , this reply and all of the downvotes . just goes to show that people on the internet lack any sense of humor .
hahaha , yeah , i think they ' re a lot more popular in the u . s . than in europe .
well that ' s good news , will it be on steam ?
i think each level does have a cap for stats , so you may need to upgrade your weapon to the next level before you can go further .
my priorities may be way out of order , but work does happen in there , unfortunately .
judging by the amount of fake looking stuff in this picture alone i have a feeling this movie wo n ' t age well at all .
they finally got silly today . i love it . i hope they keep it up . i always felt like the friday morning show tried to be too serious .
i was using the size of steam as a way of gauging the small size of the pcmr . all steam users are pc gamers , but not all pc gamers are steam users .
i just ordered it last night and this morning the cops found my bike ! so i will be using it as soon as i get it .
would you mind pm ' ing it ? id really like to send him a thank you etc .
better yet , get a library card and spend the money on beer .
yeah , i ' ve gotten burned on occasion and it hurts like fuck . there is no killing pain receptors with shit like this .
sounds like the door is open .
yeah i was gonna pick um some big names also what u think that screen is worth ? cuz i cant find it online really
at one point , before lich bane , passive , and q nerfs , he could very easily reach hyper carry status with lich bane . 2 - 3 shotting adcs was not uncommon late .
i know a couple with 3 children . when they go to a restaurant they ruin every single persons meal experience . i do n ' t know who is at fault , the kids or the parents .
maybe i should , i just stated if you read were it said there was 2 games disputed ? the elo system wasnt giving correct elo numbers etc .
my bad , fixed it now .
you cant actually see his back , maybe the kid is in a baby carrier
ah that ' s too bad . i ' m 20 and would kill to see them live for an old school set !
i did n ' t realize they were that old . they were really popular at my elementary school around ' 98
yep ! he has claimed to want to stick around for his final year , but we will see how much he holds to that when first round draft projections come calling
he gave us all boners .
do you have a source for this information ?
sides for the side god !
that ' s good that this is n ' t your house that you have to pay for the repairs though .
my now wife and i sleep in the same bed without having sex for the past 5 years !
let me guess . you ' re running cm or lollipop
it seems other people on this subreddit do n ' t agree with my message .
the entire ending to the latest issue was the most jaw dropping thing i ' ve read in a while .
no , in halo 3 if someone is on a mongoose , you have to lead the shot . also , on xbox , you did n ' t lead the shot in halo 1 .
go back to your left coast ! you do n ' t get any of this capitalist cannabis you socialist !
trying to fight a team of soldiers can be one of the most frustrating experiences you can have in the game . remove soldier ? no . because every class is annoying en masse .
i might have missing something , but what statement are you standing by ? i only saw a question .
but then who would wear spandex ten times to small with underwear the size of a parachute and act like their hot shit ?
i use paint tool sai .
yes it was . at the height if my insanity my daily food bills were between 60 to 100 dollars each day . i was literally out of my mind for a few months .
i always look at what i ' m buying before i buy it
i ' m sorry . it was just a addition to the second , relevent part of my comment . this part basically said the same thing as the top comment here does now . did n ' t ment to be offensive .
fraternities are greek because they originated in ancient greece and have been a part of society since then . not because we claim to have family from greece .
cops do this on purpose , show late then discourage . makes crime stats look better .
are you looking to get a degree in creationist studies ?
thanks for the support man , but usually if it does n ' t get gifted within the first 6 hours , the chances are slim . what about you , what do you do for a living ?
i do n ' t think so , i think he just bites people in the neck like a normal vampire .
but just one tit .
considering that his post history shows him in previous threads in this sub , i ' m pretty sure it is him .
m8 i ' ll hack ur acc n steal ur monies
lol . the whole state is pretty white . here in the twin cities it ' s pretty diverse though .
if i remember correctly the lg g4 will also shows that it ca n ' t do raw when tested with this app , even though its stock camera can . probably the same deal here , too ?
oh my god you have to read it ! even better , do the audible book with wil wheaton narrating it . he kills it .
i found something similar in germany , they ' re really nice .
who got most of the loose balls ? big rebounds ? made biggest shots ? the calls did not ice this game .
all right i ' ll give it a try . do you have it somewhere i can download it ?
hunt is an okay ultimate that you use to scare people and kill them while they ' re running away .
who is the dad to judge if i want to kick him in the face , do a shit on him and then fuck his wife in front of him .
guys i found the snake .
there ' s even a ring that lets you narrow the player pool so that you can specifically get your desired partner . another bonus is that you can use party chat while still being online now .
good call !
yep , pretty cool movie .
i need it literally in my life .
once you go black you never go back . once you go white you get your credit right .
yeah i reckon i can stop by a guard armory near by , thanks man . you got a course code you want me to check while i ' m there ? you can pm me if you want .
ah ! i hear ya now !
same . i never liked him in this game so i was pretty upset when i pulled him i could definitely use that 20k somewhere else lol
i thought it was funny , and so do a lot of people , guess it does n ' t matter if they did n ' t just copy and paste a meme but took the idea and did something a little different with it .
it was at a time when that was seen as harmless child behavior . probably if anything the cop woulda taken him home after buying him a malt .
is n ' t sata the bottleneck ?
i think the bear was actually health conscious when he ate them because smoking too much would lead to lung cancer and the bear knows this !
yeah he struck me as kind of a tool . i ' m sure that had more than nothing to do with his lack of pt at uva . it ' s a shame because he was pretty highly rated out of high school .
who gives a shit ?
alright i ' ll keep you updated if i fix it .
sven offlane , tri top , sf mid . kotl rotated a lot , it didnt work for them
cold state is best state .
as a former asu student i used to call that place a mini california without the beaches .
facebook and google are tech - oriented companies . to a company like starbucks , it is essentially infrastructure that they try to pay as little as possible for .
perhaps not such a destructive decision in her case .
it was the plan , they were doing casting calls last year for extras here
agreed . it ' s never happened for anyone except while they were attending a 4 year college none of this trade school or junior college nonsense .
that ' s the band name ! look up their animals album it ' s so good .
i played the one on the nes but i never played one for the snes . ill have to look it up .
oh so true , even an atheist who knew the other is an atheist due to the secret handshake and the invisible tattoos would n ' t start talking about it out of the blue .
is it na ? are there any problems with it ? are you local or no ? i would do this trade , even if i had to ship it out .
a . tusk was living alone in a jungle for years . he ' s become strong enough , i think . b . the cast has something to do with the healing process ?
usually doing the whole power cycle thing works for me . that ' s what i always try first anyway .
if - then - else person of interest ?
might have been a skin graft from his ball bag ?
that is a continuous coil not a sleeper . i was corrected about this last week . a continuous is two coils made with one wire . a sleeper has spaces in - between each wrap .
mel includes one of those skinny cigarette holders and a beret .
that case of the parents torturing the young boy and keeping him in their basement shows that it does n ' t always work out well for the police .
it ' s already starting with the next deus ex game .
i ' m not a religious person but i think it would be pretty out of order and just downright discrimination to do that .
he was voted to lead the country by a demographic of people who do not match reddit ' s core demographic . amazing is n ' t it .
there are two cars in the background so it ca n ' t be that remote . it does n ' t matter who you are or what you drive - one space per car .
ya , ok , keep it down . just figured someone might know
i ' ll probably have some questions once i get started so will likely ping you at that point .
its really all about the space they created there . there beer is ok . definitely had a few good brews . i really cannot wait until big ditch opens their restaurant downtown .
hearing about all the work that cdpr has put into this game and watching the previews has hyped me so much , this could be my favorite game of all time , i am way too excited .
shame . the concept sounds way too good for a 5 part mini series . if lazer team sells well , having some hopes it will , i really hope they consider day 5 for their next movie .
i ' m assuming you play cod then ?
as i mention in the post . it could potentially be in 3rd place behind the two behemoth games .
given how they talk , it sounds like they ' re deaf .
oh yeah i agree . have you seen his game show ? he does n ' t seem to enjoy it as much .
our basketball program has fans ? that ' s cool .
oh , probably not . i just felt it was uncalled for .
yep . gotta maintain that beast . i must admit that it is a difficult car to upkeep . but it is worth it !
it ' s true though , you do n ' t need to bother blocking a nt usually if you just point at something shiny to distract them .
then why else would you cite the article if you do n ' t believe what he says is true , and yes , i do believe you reading that article has biased your view of kentucky and alabama fans .
i did the same thing , except i did smoke weed and play video games .
you said you tried the door .
that ' s unfortunate . i guess other bmw forums are the better choice then .
you would be just fine in boot camp then . 30 at once with 15 shower heads .
that was communist poland and it was n ' t the polish who made it communist .
you think basketball players only ever practice their shot in games ?
i give cavs slight edge because of home court .
yes , but that ' s part of the job .
it is an excuse , but a valid one . how well do you think chelsea would have done with an injury crisis like we had at the start of the season
and i certainly hope he does !
yeah , it ' s not hand drawn on , but it looks like it is just printed onto the card , not raised at all
never played the first , replaying the second one currently though . such a good game
do n ' t you get neck pains ? when i watch a stream on my side monitor my neck begins hurting after 30min or so . i guess maybe it ' s not far enough to the side for it to matter ?
it takes effort to be fit , it does n ' t take shit to get fat .
exactly that ' s how we know that the recent updates has had a significant effect on resource prices of many items .
i hope they ' re at least cutting him a nice check or something to act as bottom - feeding pr .
become 1970 ' s savage hulk . and enough propulsion to force you through space . hulk has a lot of mass so he could control his direction and propulsion .
just finished s1 of game of thrones last night ! it was great ! so hooked , ca n ' t wait to start s2 !
should n ' t be since a muslim is someone who follows islam and not actually a race of people .
i ' d imagine it ' s less depressing to you because it ' s your home .
it does n ' t work well with chicken stock because your boiling a chicken carcass and veggies in water , then you ' re removing everything but the fluid and skimming the fat out .
all those years training with a bo staff finally paid off !
lamb is pretty good tho , excellent choice .
there ' s a 5 mana deal 2 damage heal 2 life spell and it ' s pretty bad
just for once let the man get what he wants .
and i ' ve met student athletes . and general studies means take whatever you want or whatever ' s easy .
i think he was more pointing out the hypocrisy and ridiculousness of the situation while we were being detained .
second , converting the game files to mp3 , will update my post in this topic
what do you mean ? test is n ' t a 19 - nor . i ' m on deca too and it ' s my first run with it but i ' ve never seen sweating attributed to deca .
agreed sir .
muslim is n ' t a race .
i ' m saying create something new , not replace the old .
wait , what ? edit : never mind , i get it now . god , i ' m fucking slow today .
just becuase you dont like the answer i gave you does not . mean i did not answer it . now please you are bordering on rude .
hahaha ! i played it so long ago .
maybe . but you ' ll find a lot more per capita in some groups than you will in others .
i guess i was n ' t asking if it was good , as much as i was asking if both fallout 3 and new vegas were good , or only one of them .
so one could run a different perk in that tree and have both life steal and increase super energy ?
it ' s the cobblestone ' s they roll you down towards the center and then you ca n ' t get out
so ? being raised by one parent is n ' t the same as being raised by both .
changed the last letter to the one that sounds very similar to it . its the perfect disguise .
same here . this thread made no sense for about three minutes . i re - read everything and still had no clue .
my point is you must be pretty dense to not see what i ' m saying . sjw is some vague term used by a very small amount of individuals . it has no historic meaning or agreed upon definition .
what games do you play ?
called it like i saw it . shit work is shit work alpha , beta , or released .
6 degrees and hail down in southern norway at the moment . it ' s not the best .
well , if you look at the aggregate , everybody besides their starting lineup is trash and when their starting lineup is n ' t in , their whole team is trash .
and ideas where to invest in real estate to pass on to your heirs .
this was high dmg elo on my alt account . edit : which is 1 rank below my main .
guy ' s do fight like ronda . guy ' s really just do n ' t fight like ronda ' s opponents .
it has modifiers for the attack roll , yes , but it does not have your attribute modifier for the damage roll .
no , i want the confederate flag , but adding a swastika would actually be great . it is a symbol of luck .
i do n ' t but when you have to change gears you need to take one hand off the steering wheel , correct ?
then you will break a different rule and complain it ' s not the first .
i hope you die from cancer then .
it ' s a tough situation but the more we want them to build their value , the more losses they bring us .
attitude like that is why things will never change .
hahaha it depends . i usually do one person at a time . i think i spend more time going back and making corrections . if i had to stamp it i ' d say 5 - 6 hrs
does n ' t matter . that ' s always an appropriate statement .
why do you think he needed the money ?
hope you have fun playing with yourself then . every game needs bad guys . what other content is there aside from what players contribute ? nothing at the moment .
even still , the htc one m8 has two variants . one running android and one running windows . exact same hardware , but the one running windows has x1 . 33 the battery life or something like that
i personally do mostly metal but have the ability to do anything .
well this gives me hope lol . i am gonna go for it and be persistent .
of course not . it ' s a joke , the ndp is n ' t even socialist .
no problem man . make sure you pick up some adult diapers on your way home !
when you join heirs your sign is gold instead of white when laid down .
unfortunately the stick shift is poorly located .
such a cool idea . i love when a city makes an attempt to improve itself aesthetically with something that provides no financial incentive .
just image how much they ' ll be expected to memorize . employees are required to memorize a text book of drinks just for coffee .
did you ever read what i wrote ? i specifically said it would only work if she knew a lawyer socially or was related to one . get off it .
about 300 but i had to buy a drill and circular saw . at the end of the day i could have just bought a rack but im glad to have built one instead . feels more personal .
here we are debating the casting decisions when the real question is whether or not this is a good idea to begin with .
true , but the parent only need to verify that she is their daughter . then she woud n ' t be in this mess .
in the middle of the parking lot .
i ' m still waiting to see if you guys can maintain consistency from your first year in fbs play . if there is n ' t a significant drop off then that is a game to look forward to .
that ' s why i do n ' t watch horror movies . too much reliance on shock , gore and jump out tactics . very little storyline , substance , awe and relatable characters to build great horror .
you really do n ' t have a sense of humour , do you ? i do n ' t see you replying to the sexist comments made about guys , or even recognizing the sexism towards us guys in the original post .
i do n ' t remember , but i think it was the 3rd map choice from the top . i can check tonight when i ' m home from work .
what part of i think that ' s a bad idea do n ' t you get ? i ' m not confused by the concept i just think it ' s a shitty plan that compromises you and others for little prospect .
this guys post history has a lot of bashing wheeler and obama without any actual reasoning that can be backed up by anything .
i do n ' t really care who wins , i just want iggy to net 3 so he can hit 30 goals . should be a good game : d
title is the hook . devil is a lie .
also as a citizen , please keep trying to pass them . these are stupid subjective tests that should be banned from the civil service standards .
we always call , whether it ' s before a marvel or a star wars premiere , just to be sure they ' re allowing it . some theaters wo n ' t allow costumes at all .
i live in alaska and this is a legitimate response .
i did n ' t live in oahu , so i ca n ' t be sure . but you should be fine . the animosity is mostly directed at tourists from what i ' ve seen .
it ' s just not my cup of tea . i mean , i ' m not at all saying it was a bad game .
i have no idea what ' s being referenced .
it was a year and a half . nice try .
thanks again for letting me sell my turnips . i ' ll go ahead and rate you now .
fuck you , buy a butter dish .
westbrook does it all the time . generally a reflection of how hard he dunks it .
the only problems i had were when i got in someone else ' s car . it would lag all weird and look like they had just stopped driving . but otherwise , really great .
nipples grow back , though . do they do something to where they ca n ' t any more or what ?
i have a sense of humour , your comment just was n ' t funny bro .
i ' ve been listening to her entire discography lately . she sounds really good if you listen to her music one album after another .
i just ssh into a linux computer and use the command line . not perfect but it ' s better than online ides and the like .
it ' s a very thin and blurred line . a lot of dystopian books are post - apocalyptic , a lot of post - apocalyptic books are dystopian . just not every single one is both .
i do it on mobile ! i use google keep . it works on iphone too with the note taking app . just copy and paste .
i noticed that after posting . however , does n ' t hurt for other ' s input .
agreed . sometimes i do it to better understand a topic . it helps to work through all possible angles to achieve a complete understanding of something .
well it depends on how many you ' re willing to trade . i would personally want about 5 of each but it gives you room to choose , i ' m willing to go as low as 3 .
yeah man totally .
you should read up on the soviet union before making generalizations like that .
happy birthday to y - oh wait it was n ' t that ?
hmm . skill points at least still does n ' t start till level 30 and i did n ' t get my 5th underwater skill until level 22 or 23 . it ' s my lowest level character on the account .
i really would n ' t consider that a flight game , fun as the game may be .
i did n ' t mean to imply either way . i do n ' t know op ' s exact situation , so i ca n ' t make any kind of call .
so because bf4 did n ' t work as well as it should have for the first year , it ' s not easier to hide lag in shooters ?
it did n ' t have co - op , could have sworn i played it with co - op
except that bayern needs to score and barcelona did n ' t and now barcelona can just control them . different context .
making money while copying other artists work without crediting them ? i fucking hope not .
wire was cut even though the combination was on the front of the lock .
not what i meant . he died and was sealed inside by the company . his body was found behind the wall thanks to a builder ' s floor plans
i do n ' t know if you are joking , but im not a girl , mate !
excellent , i shall do that !
great trading with you . successful trading partner . would trade with you again and good luck amiibro
let me check on that . do you have the original box ? if so , could you give me the dimensions ?
hey thanks ! i wrote it . i just did n ' t wanna really talk about it too much in the post .
a bad move has limited use .
its the metro .
yeah - i kind of resent always having to have a bag with me because they do n ' t make women ' s clothing capable of storing things .
at the end of the half . we started playing like molasses and dallas hit everything .
does it sound like a full body workout ? with cf , you ' re already doing full body 5 days a week . why add another hour of extra work on top of something you wo n ' t recover from ?
discouraging new players is just going to make the game go downhill even faster . please stop .
hahaha . np , man . take care .
that is the only thing i can think of . i ' ve never had any issues before . i ' m going to have to be that guy and call in to them . fml
not white and gold , they ' re blue and black .
that ' s optional . having fun should be your priority .
what does it say about a game when the people who helped make and manage it do n ' t even play it ? that ' s not a very good vote of confidence towards their product .
he kept working out for thirty years with drugs !
pro wrestling is rad . you ' re a dope . i ' m disappointed in how lame you are .
no . just salt . pure salty . the essence of salt . salt in it ' s truest form . woolie madden
honestly , i ' ll take an mls loss any day of the week for a win tonight .
red . that ' s the color of cucumber .
i love how my entire inbox is full of you . you sir are a salty bitch !
where do i send my money ?
you spelled absolutely delicious wrong .
fuck every other canadian team , except ottawa . they cool .
you could always math it out too if the bug is not the case .
yeah , because we all have n ' t just read the same thing .
or , literally live .
you see but when we tried to do that he would come on and put wild shots all over the place . his passing also was n ' t good enough nor was his touch . his form was awful for a few months .
i ' m not too fond of sushi , so no problem . my crab comes from the legs . yummy .
dang , sterling moore would have been a good pick up
then at least eat it as sushi or sashimi and do n ' t grill it as a steak .
sorry to hear that . i kinda feel the same way not because my dad is dead but because he abandoned my family .
do n ' t forget about pulling out your phone to dropping your mixtape to the live audience
you ' re spoiling his fun !
that ' s all i ' m saying . you set the standards and tell the jack off making the ui to make it dynamic , while reddit is down voting me because i ' m entitled or something .
is the only way to clear them on the full site ? i ca n ' t find a way on android .
i miss him , but i dont want his team to win a cup . its lose lose with this thought
spring and fall . all other seasons can suck my enemy ' s dick .
they also have to hit their flying hour requirements . so , they ' re basically active duty anyway .
well , that was a tangent ; not an argument so much . what can i say , i like talking about nerds .
you could n ' t find it ? he ' s hiding under the table , just to the right of the power block
could n ' t possibly be because that the current gen has limited games and players want any game they can get their hands into .
i mean , string theory and the many worlds interpretation of quantum mechanics do n ' t necessarily have to be a package deal , though
billy and mandy had an episode about a cult . i did n ' t get it as a kid but it finally hit me when i watched it at 18 .
that ' s the same chick in both photos . you turned your computer sideways and still could n ' t figure that out . smh .
how could i know if i do n ' t watch them though ? plus , is n ' t that what they are there for ? hyping up a movie ? not my fault it ' s not doing it ' s job right .
it ' s not so much that i know of other tasty metal facts , as much as it is i do n ' t know how tasty said chocolate is . something i hope to correct in the near future .
i was thinking dog butts .
true , i was speaking more to movies of the future . i did get the thought from a game though .
you could probably actually kill them .
it ' s finding a match , just not finding a server .
yep , it ' s almost as if the way i dragged the scope and shot allowed me to hit them both in the head ; i ' m still confused .
oh , well i ' ve never not finished one xd but good to know ! thank you !
sure . i hear he is also going to be made a director .
they must be shadowbanned , you do n ' t get karma for text posts .
if i make a scumbag meme about my room mate who plays tuba all night when i try to sleep , do you think i ' m calling everybody who plays a tuba a scumbag ?
you ' re so cool , man .
please give us your list . if we cannot , we will tell you .
right on man , it ' s good you did post it though as it ' s a common thought among people .
sounds about right . did you live inside the perimeter ?
no . i do n ' t understand why they both charged out on the side when smalling should ' ve looked up and picked off lallana .
on the bright side , he did n ' t link to al gore .
nah , we ' ll probably make just enough of a run before the deadline that melvin wo n ' t trade anyone away .
you have the right coast just too far north . this was in san diego
i would n ' t say it ' s keeping it amateur - it ' s using force to protect people from force . that ' s the basis of government , only in this case it ' s being used against government .
yea , thats how i always thought it was . even if he went super saiyan there would n ' t be a power boost so there is n ' t a point .
that ' s the joke . there ' s tons of water , but there ai n ' t none . he chose the other path , but it was not really that funny .
that ' s how i open bananas . pinch the bottom until it splits , then peel .
so , like i said , you went through my post history to make fun of how i dress . did you decide you wanted your life to end up like this or did it just happen ?
til nato ' s purpose is to policy the world but ignored its own rules for its members .
is there like , a part two to that second video ? it seemed to end pretty abruptly .
alcohol is not the answer , alcohol is the question . the answer is yes .
navy will generally work something out . if he went army he would have to serve his full commitment before playing .
there was a semi - humor post about that , the calender for the rest of 2015 and all of 2016 being highlighted
that video was on frontpage a good while ago , and a reddit detective made a post about it being fake .
yeah hamburger is delicious . we do n ' t cut the cows legs off and wait for it to die . that squid makes better bait than your post .
i go to a major university and am in one of the largest fraternities in the world , so fuck off just a little bit .
it was a really well put together music video . and people remembered it so i ' d say it ' s a win .
thanks big dog . give me a call next week and let ' s catch up !
moron , asshole , idiot , all of the above . honestly ashamed at being part of the same species .
could you link me ? i was n ' t able to find it .
they will attempt to call you back . that ' s all . they get cell phone accidental calls all the time .
if she was then only for another 0 . 01 seconds but to me it looks like the right side of her head is half way through exploding , or maybe her right arm , or both ?
is that other stores a big market chain though ?
sorry , after seeing the exact same comment on here like 10 times , you get the idea that some sick fuck actually would do it .
thanks ! i ' m home resting . they got 9 . is that good ? bad ? average ? i have no clue .
maybe , are you enough part native american to get free college ?
stop calling it the spoiler . everyone knows who the lost is .
ah i feel dumb now . thank you though , i was very concerned about how it knew .
agree with you on that one . who knows what microsoft is doing with our info behind our back . nsa , the fbi and advertising companies probably have something to do with it though .
i think you forgot to link the thread .
so i probably have enough , but should i actually learn how to play a tank and an assassin first ?
that ' s a really small stool sample .
goddammit . i really need to stop redditing while drunk .
i ' m shocked . first they mention it with john stewart and then with kane the last two weeks . this continuity is hurting my head
i think it ' s a little too late to build up for a wrestlemania run . also the card looks to be full at this point .
ha ha ! that ' s awesome thanks !
american here . 5 guys sucks . it ' s like eating a bun full of grease .
spies on other countries communications using the nsa , claims that they uphold world freedom .
sure , happens all of the time . make a destructive promise you know will play well with your base , also knowing that the opposition will stop it ' s implementation . happens all the time .
but dressing exactly like every other girl any other day is completely fine ?
how much would you pay me for one ? ; p
let ' s start with a birthday single with the way this game is looking
agreed , the story was so predictable , and yet it still finished so badly
that ' s okay , perfect fruit is hard to find . your friend can have her , i ' ve been waiting forever for her to move !
just expressing how much i believe this to be plausible . sounds like something the writers may have already thought of or will read and adapt . we need to wait and see .
poetry o e t r y ! star
that is what everyone said when naxx was revealed . silence will always be good , but you can definitely play without it .
yeah , i hear that . she seems entitled .
hydrogen bonds . water is naturally attracted to itself
okay , either way not a big deal . were you able to find the service tag number ?
my counter example is homeopathy , whose basis is the denial of scientific observation .
half baked ii confirmed .
you also have to make claws with each hand facing upwards , shout the user ' s name and shake your hands too otherwise it wo n ' t work .
apparently that big ass shiny chest at the end is useless . at least , the last 5 threads seem to claim that . just give up on farming keys .
no thanks , i would rather have pure keys
that actually might be a good point . i wonder if it would be receiving nearly as much criticism if it was the woman abusing the man . either way it ' s a bit tasteless and really poorly done haha
these diy posts are basically all the op ' s saying fuck you to the rest of us basement dwellers .
definitely mcnair . i became a titan fan when watching that super bowl and watching him play was so much fun .
13 hours a day for a week . that does n ' t sound too bad at all
for a dollar a year , and send it to them each year . unless they do n ' t pay the dollar .
just the range . and while you can no longer cross - map snipe with hand cannons anymore , they still win anything between shotgun range and scout rifle range .
lol i do n ' t care man , ai n ' t no thing , i ' ve collected a couple dozen downvotes over my lack of outrage about the modding thing .
if your voice mail has your name in it they have verified its you and can leave a message .
my dad told me a story that in the late 70 ' s his friend in college had a frat house right next to a cemetery and when funerals were going on he would blast that song with the windows opened .
linked with man united . but they ' ve been linked with nearly every player .
that ' s literally the first thing i thought lmao
why stalin ? he ' s a bad man . killed more people than hitler , yo .
hell it coulda came from anywhere but there and it probably wouldnt have bothered me at all . lol i wanna go to a two but no shops around me carry quality stuff that big and i hate ordering lol
you do n ' t watch movies with actors that are douches ? pretty sure that is zero movies
yeah , but if he blocked the lane halak couldve hugged the post and easily stopped that shot .
you mean grape juice ?
same experience here . obvious wall hacker , confirmed by the demo . my whole team reported him . 24 days have passed . zero bans .
i ' m there with you . another denzel flick that i always stop at is deja vu
same reason i stopped , mind you i had the nuke mod so all i did was blow holes in the ground in single player and dig really deep .
what does the jest booing on draft night have to do with racism ?
you fuck , give it back give it back ! first the oil now the sandwiches ?
looks like a black widow . edit : nvm , it ' s not .
gortat really isnt all that great , guy . youre right , but its really not a huge loss for where the suns were at that point .
hates as good a thing as any to keep a person going .
that would n ' t work because the other current way it works is using 2 fcs , one for gathering clay and the other is an anti - pvp team that hunts down anyone who attacks another player .
oh , they are just being lazy or not following directions . the last example is the kind of stuff that i ' ve asked for leniency on .
thanks ! and it weights just over 3 pounds .
pnr defence is really bad right now .
its not . they have nothing and this article is old news from last year . debunked months ago
it worked out great . i work at a church and we needed a video of a sunrise to play during a song .
dude if you ' re so worried about a girl ' s voice annoying you , have a skype video chat with her before meeting her for a date . it ' s not hard . stop making up bullshit excuses .
yes it does , that ' s what happens when you approach someone with an offer to trade . at that point whatever happens is your own fault .
last time i did mushrooms i could n ' t walk because i was afraid my knees would bend the opposite way and forgot about the ligaments preventing that from happening .
i would much rather have a healthy kd . the only reason i dont want lebron is because he only has a few years left at the top . ad is great , but kd is a lot more proven in my eyes .
i thought so too . but watch it again . his foot already slipped off the floor , lost his balance , and then stepped on steph ' s foot .
yes , i forgot to mention that , i ' ve tried both client and browser versions , i ' ve tried reinstalling the clients after deleting their caches too .
no , liquid nitrogen . look it up , that stuff is boss .
the dose makes the poison man . one banana might be great for you . but an overdose of potassium will cause your heart to stop beating , so you probably should n ' t eat 6000 of them .
i ' d actually kinda disagree on the first point : if the framerate is improved , the gameplay is improved . simple as that , really .
fyi - just 3 days left .
it likely is n ' t . he ' s still having fun , the show ' s still successful and he ' s still got stories to tell . it ' s very probably that he wo n ' t leave before series 10 .
yeah i was at that game , it sucked haha
yeah i think so . it has great stats .
nah they ' re just hiding cause i couldnt figure out how to draw em
you can check their website - you may even be able to figure this out before the semester starts .
i still play balanced brawl semi - regularly . it ' s fun .
source ? it ' s more like english people and press want him to come .
ha , this is exactly how i feel too ! always improve , always faster , always more ! the more i sweat the better my run is .
for the most part europe does n ' t have a murder problem , however they do still have a ton of organized crime , especially ireland .
it ' s not about you - it ' s about the next person . for all you know , this guy has a bunker and a manifesto - and you might be the one that turns him in .
well in a perfect world we would do things for the benefit of the human race .
a nice jacket , jeans , and a collared shirt will pretty much always be in style . especially if you are handsome as fuck .
your boyfriend getting shot protecting you is officially a justified crying situation .
nonsense . he may have cost himself a first ballot but he ' s still a lock .
i ' d use a question mark , fam
congrats on being the only one to answer this poor , answer - seeking man correctly ! everyone else just gave smart ass answers that are n ' t that funny .
if he is ignoring you , just move on . if he ' s interested , he ' ll make the effort to call and ask you out .
there was another post about aluminium - ion batteries recently and the major drawback is the cost of production .
if english was a chosen language and there was a way to see that , it would work quite well , actually .
but do you have strong beliefs regarding your stance on the meaning of those words ?
yeah i work at real busy spot in vegas . the money is really good and the customers are nice . hopefully while i ' m super busy i ' ll get an email about the watch
it ' s a pretty fucking long time ago .
this depends on the situation . give me something specific . ie : a girl is talking to her boyfriend in a public library . something like that
i know what you mean . it ' s just because sony is n ' t giving anything up , that ' s why they worded it like that .
i made an offer on it right after you . therefore if you do i have dibs
came here to say exactly this . those fuckers can rot in hell
any colors i will agreed with .
your settlers probably start on a mountain and die within two turns . i dunno .
i ' m not a huge fan of the strategy and i think pop over used it but this line of thinking is pretty flawed .
lol 30 days to move out ? yeah fuck that kick her out tonight .
please see above comment noting that op is canadian .
marketing my man . it is all about marketing the game correctly , not making it anymore . it is sad that is what it had become , but it is the truth
perhaps i conceded the point , perhaps not . again , i ' ve lost track of what the actual point of this conversation was . i appreciate your time , and i hope that i can learn from you again .
i thought it was default roster of the previous year .
it ' s also pretty closed minded to not want to play the game over a single line of optional text
yeah , sorry about that . - _ - normally , i try not to spoil things for people , but i figured it would be pretty unavoidable , in this case .
yeah . hate when teachers get in the way . especially loud screaming ones .
mass , not weight .
because it is still a very unfair thing to do , comparing previews to a finished game one has played and loved for years .
new stadium will be owned by the city of orlando .
i think you ' re over - thinking the visit . just relax and deal with anything that comes up as it comes up . 16 and 18 year olds basically take care of themselves . do n ' t worry !
that ' s a ridiculous way to live . if they do n ' t have any respect for you , then you should n ' t be friends with them .
i ' d totally post it , but , apparently only 2 people in the entire u . s . have my name , and only 15 in the world .
sleep is always a good plan !
you mind if i ask what podcast ?
because i like good music .
so you are saying that things are only bad if you notice them ? or are you just indifferent to the fact that effects have causes ?
where can we read more of your stuff ?
someone ' s never been to chick king !
could you imagine the shit show if jerry traded us dez for him ?
yeah but i read somewhere that they were stomping rc , and putting up a really good match against ssw and ssb .
he ' s also an asshole who thought making one album super exclusive was highly important and artsy . he based this on some super fan ' s ideas on his website .
no problem . the issue with the paper was i wrote it over five years ago and i ' m not even sure i have the computer i typed it on .
they need to reconsider life ? are you talking about killing themselves ? : p
bos - cle was really good for about a quarter and a half . it was so fast paced and fun to watch . then bos sort of fell apart .
if people ca n ' t handle their stuff being taken , they should n ' t be playing this game .
someone said it ' s estimated 3 . 5 x skyrim size : o
no you need to post it for everyone to see or no deal .
yeah seriously , it was getting a bit much .
no problem ! they just took a little break over the new year .
could n ' t be because it just looks like a rent expense
this is pretty optimistic , though , at least in a startup company .
please enlighten me and describe the target audience in as much detail as possible .
ah my bad , had n ' t noticed the titles above . box 17 is where it ' s at
no it ' s in asia
it ' s directed towards her gender - how is it not sexist ?
i wonder if he intentionally missed , if he had the drop on the police he may have had the chance to injure or kill them and chose not to . he may have also tried to kill them and simply missed .
what your favorite part of the meal ?
the game ' s too buggy anyway . it ' s not worth them trying to play it seriously . there ' s far more entertainment to be had messing around with the bugs .
the indian team is one of the few teams that can chase well . it is defending that would be a problem .
this is a great idea as well . if this business idea ca n ' t get off the ground , i ' m going to try and pivot into something that i could start with my own cash and credit cards .
that would make him a native speaker of english as his first times speaking were in america .
edit : ok cool , thanks
savage . i do agree though , he just feels mediocre to me . just average are the words i would use to describe his music , although forest hills drive is his best work so far .
union insurance means providing healthcare when strikes are not recognized , paying for food for workers under the same legal situation , etc .
they are pretty neat . should be a future skin .
i like them both for different reasons . coke is fun in a different way for me
that ' s a really nice and healthy view on life , good luck with that man
each slot allow you to place a selection of armor pieces . it is not a gear slot slot .
yup , it is back on now . way to own your flair !
stat line ? i do n ' t give a shit about anyone ' s stat line as long as they get the w .
a fully loaded tanker overturned in my area a couple of weeks ago because he slammed on brakes . instead of just an impact the sedan in front of him filled with oil and drowned the occupants
my theory : because they almost never need to walk through a herd of walkers at a very slow pace , and would n ' t have the advance preparation time , even if .
yeah same . big fans of hockey and all .
well rest easy knowing they are out there making the world a safer place one you ' re at a time .
confirmed , point given !
it ' s an absolutely beautiful film , perhaps one of the best i ' ve ever seen , but this movies is intense .
no , it ' s hourly . if you work from 11 pm to 7 am , you get paid for 8 hours . but if the clock went back at 2am that means you worked 9 hours . that ' s one hour for free .
there have been discussions at my table as well . about people thinking they want a certain style of play when they actually want another .
i enjoyed the super bowl that year .
she was just making up for all the other times that the chick in the car has nonchalantly thrown trash out her window .
i ' ve been a fan since 07 . the league needs to do something about the fact that we ' ve only played 4 games in 8 years !
thank you for your opinion . its not going to change the fact that i ' m trying to help and you ' re just a douche .
does singing fall under this voice category ?
that ' s debatable . i wo n ' t say you ' re wrong , but certainly valid opinions on either side of that aisle .
the trip is worth it when you get food there . it ' s outstanding .
an invisible wall , i suppose .
hit the save button , or bookmark it , or save the url somewhere , or some combination thereof .
which city do you live in ? probably i can find a good local store for you
there are points dropping but it is very rare and nowhere a reliable way to level up your compendium .
matchmaking is only level 28 .
yes . the atomizer head contains a coil and wick . some people just call the whole thing a coil , but really they should called atomizer heads .
what ' s your steam name ? i ' m looking to play with some people on pc
send me your ballot and i ' ll fill it out
i ' ve fucked that guy . he tried to put it in my butt without asking .
i like to think as the sprint as a long jump . if you ' re so much better at it than your opponent when you ' re in the water you only have to swim 70 meters compared to your opponents 100 .
i whole heartedly agree .
space ca n ' t be pause though . it ' s already been assigned to a function by a browser . completely disabling that is bad from a standards perspective .
can we as reddit , collectively take the bar exam ?
yeah , well we got him for a few years now but we need to give him real chance to compete again . i trust larry to get it done .
i was just giving a general idea . why should i spend time doing research on drugs for op .
holy cow ! i did n ' t notice that ! great imagination , but then again adam does play his character like a beast !
better late than never . my mom does the same thing and is in the same boat . she ' ll retire much later unfortunately .
one of the reasons i do n ' t go to cinema . the other one would be the subtitle . enjoy the movie tho . ca n ' t wait for the bluray release .
actually , he was actually one of the best and nicest customer service reps i ' ve ever spoken to there . it was just odd how it went , almost like they expected it .
and by wearing the costume he wouldnt be racist ? i dont get it whats the difference between painting your face black and wearing a costume . this whole racist bullshit is just nonsense
thanks fam . it took a while to find them for that price , but definitely worth it .
can still put it in the description text instead of just an album link .
hopefully the hold the trial during the heart of winter .
yeah . you do n ' t even need to put a sale on it . it ' ll just sell because it ' s black friday .
in here is used as a container , you have open a file to read what ' s in it . i guess the same goes for a website but new inventions create bizzare grammatical structures i guess .
can you elaborate a bit on what you mean by disproportionate ?
i stuffed up my fc , crap . i ' ll fix it through the flair bot .
seriously wtf were they thinking .
let ' s just hope psg or united are not interested . if it ' s anyone else , we can shake them off if we have the conviction .
yeah , i tried to find something to build but there is always something the websites are missing .
we do n ' t , it ' s just fun to make fun of the brand new ones like this who are so full of boot motivation it ' s sickening . the officers i actually hate tend to be field - grades .
you feel comfortable after playing 2 games with a hero ?
and what tool do you have that can cut a bunch of steel cables ?
he might have reflection quality on a setting other than very high . might also be reflection msaa . it can make a big difference in the appearance of cars .
i ' m almost done with the entire movie . gf did n ' t make it though 40 mins though .
sweet ! sure thing .
because anime is animation . having both would be redundant .
i tried to get bravo to respond to the fact that there ' s no file browser and why they have n ' t said a word about it . no response .
pretty much . one player had a rope and did n ' t want to give it to the other . the command spell only allowed a one - word command , so this was how he handled it .
i work from home , so i ' m the one changing the bandages . the nurse taught me the first time she took care of it , and is coming twice a week since to check everything !
give me an example of how you can have more than 10 directions in an isometric game engine ? no , this is n ' t a trick question .
i found the first 5 - 10 minutes of the pilot painful , but ended up enjoying the second half . that ' s why i stuck with the show .
i totally understand , if celtic changed hands or name i ' d follow them regardless
interesting . did you cut immediately after your bulk ? stay at maintenance for a week or two ?
i do n ' t think the titans could be any more dead .
well somebody blew this thread out of the water , or the sky or the desert depending on where you are .
well i ' m currently listening to fall out boy so some could argue i do too !
mind if i join you ?
they have a little wear in them and they are men ' s shoes but i have big feet : p
what about corporate espionage ? or abuse of privilege by people within the system ?
the entire last season was based in the same building . everything happened there . it got too ridiculous , and everything was mad with who the main character ended up with .
both are well worn . i edited the post , thanks for the heads up .
why the fuck did n ' t i think of that
i seen the movie . right in the feels .
he was gassed , no way he could jump that high .
thankfully no . if i had to work with windows on a regular basis i would probably have written a manifesto by now .
just learn to enjoy it and spice up your sex life .
i ' ve heard travel time is a major obstacle as well
you might justify killing one person to save others as well but these are theoretical situations that are n ' t relevant .
not every girl can even orgasm . i never have and i do n ' t know if i can i ' ve been trying for over a year now .
last time i made a handicap post on this subreddit i got downvoted and shoot from everywhere .
honestly that ' s such a debatable topic i can completely understand why many use the terms interchangeably .
a 20 gauge shotgun is more likely going to just piss the bear off more than anything .
i would totally grow a ton of stuff , i think you could have a garden you would just have to water it more .
tsm will play dig this saturday , lets hope regi temporarily benches loco and brings in the general .
their obviously was . even in real time you could notice the clock kept going after the whistle blew
peace is their priority , you do n ' t worry about who you belong to when mortars are raining down on you .
he can see what one guy is seeing , where the team with a proper image link can see what everyone is seeing all the time .
i do n ' t know , if yaya is anywhere near the ball , you can bet your ass that he ' s taking it with him .
worse tip you only need to heavily farm between ganking the whole map during your short power spike .
jesus christ . its like reddit ca n ' t read usernames or take a joke . oh yeah they ca n ' t .
you should change your name from glitchy to grumpy . still it ' s good advise for when people do encounter something they do n ' t know about .
not necessarily books , but professionally edited writing .
armed robbery , not theft . you can get some serious time .
from a legit source or a scalper ?
therefore you were not contributing to the discussing because you did not even have the basics of reading the article before you blasted your premature snide comments all over reddit .
why do you think so ? i use it a lot .
i hope you like 3rd grade art because thats when my skills peaked .
i really dislike the dayz elitist thing where people are happy that less players are playing their game . having a variety of skill levels is one thing that makes the game fun .
i ' d like to be able to get to the stadium without driving myself , safely , fast and cheap . not many us cities were that ' s possible
even for college students in a relationship , this is what happens .
i just checked their website and they are offering half off their may collection now . i promise i am not making this up .
i hear ya , i want that second seed too .
dude chill . you sound retarded .
yeah . kinda wondering why they left .
what did you buy ? why would your mother care so much ?
2 silver for a teleport you do maybe twice a day , woop dee fucking doo .
actually looks pretty orange to me .
so what ' s the difference between a black human and a white one ?
yeh : d i hate the apple watch as much as the next guy , but it looks like you ' re being paid to advertise asus shiz haha
remember , if you poop at work , your getting paid to poop !
he does , but rarely . i played with him in december and attended a short seminar he had . he has sort of stopped getting fulfillment from playing and really only enjoys teaching these days .
that looked more like an air - dodge to me , though it ' s hard to tell .
oh man . so this story really was a fu because you love dogs . good story . have an up vote .
yea that ' s true but i would do it so the school administration would get mad lol
could you link to a few of the comments you ' re referring to here ? i see comments from men sharing their own experiences , but i have n ' t seen any yet that say sexism does n ' t exist .
it ' s an illusion , michael . a trick is something a dog does for biscuits !
did you just call a grandma a smug , ignorant asshole ? d :
in the current state of affairs i ' m not shocked by anything anymore .
oh i did n ' t realize you can be a shit stain if you do n ' t like a post .
or more like a half ton .
did you talk about the possibility of a raise at that time ?
it ' s just easier to say that he was n ' t as good as josh at third . nearly all his errors last year were throwing errors . people just do n ' t want to see him throw away a lead .
hes like not even a pro anymore , hes like a mediocre player on a tier 4 team
that sounds fantastic .
you do n ' t have to stop . no one can see you .
we used to play baseball sometimes when rounders got a bit boring and that was only played when we ' d got tired of football
they ' re an awesome point
i get nervous whenever i go through the security thingies at the entrance even if i ' m not stealing anything .
they should leave the pc version the fuck alone .
which is why we take it beyond reddit ! tell your friends , post on twitter , facebook , anything you ' ve got !
me too ! it would be fun to do it again .
i would n ' t mess with the cheap games . if i ' m good i stay at the top . or create my own games .
hahah now i know what i am going to be doing the rest if the day at work .
80 years in 60 seconds ! just send a message and ask to fuck !
imagine fox news . imagine 5 to 10 times worse . now add dramatic music .
i ca n ' t watch sporting events if they are n ' t live . it just is n ' t the same .
the vanguard target retirement funds do n ' t have the best returns and i do n ' t want to invest in the foreign markets now
i ' ve watched it many , many times . it was one of the only children videos available at our small country town library .
ask him . why does anyone wear a mask ? to hide correct ?
he was my buddy for a while and he ' s tried to move a few times but i thought i was ready to let him go this time , then i got sad , but i ' m better now haha
they wo n ' t do this anytime soon , when the map gets bigger then they can increase server capacity , and take some servers offline to free up resources for the other servers .
ahh , sorry about adding the unnecessary stuff . the last two are just for fun ; the first one is the one that ' s important . the first video is the video demonstrating the tech .
we do n ' t sell them unfortunately . we just design and produce them for the customer who requested . i ' m sorry .
again with this fucking stick control bullshit . it does n ' t work . it just takes hockey sticks out of the hands of the innocent and leaves the criminals with them .
dude that is so awesome of you man ! truly a great mut buddy and reddit member !
that would be about as logical of a reason as any to pick him .
i know right ? if i learned anything from fight club , it ' s do n ' t piss off people who make your food or clean your stuff .
god ?
i had so many last year i could n ' t even give them away fast enough . i made a dozen jars of hab - jelly that i put over the cream cheese on my bagels every morning .
to be fair to the developers , on the game ' s website they actually do say you should spend the money on other , better things instead .
because you act like a child .
the phone device .
at a young age it is .
i guess still bitter from that monday night blowout game last year where gruden was so bored he was making smoothies .
i did n ' t even have an email when i found and did the first part lol , it was written in the hit . it appears to be this time as well and is the same .
i got a little crazy with a photo edit app . my bad .
we ' re not talking about rocking a bow tie for a random tuesday . dude is supposed to dress up for an awards ceremony .
that ' s why the plan is 300 pages , needed the extra room .
hmmm maybe just i get bored going through the same areas every time i play .
the good thing with being at the top level , is that i no longer have to game the points system each and every day by just opening multiple video tabs , blogs , scrolling through 30 photos etc .
i actually do n ' t mind it ice cold on tap .
he ' s probably assuming that the driver was n ' t lame enough to just stop and take this picture . i was .
right now , i ' m about an hour from new york and an hour from philly . it ' s just far enough that i rarely make the trip in unless i have something specific in mind .
you have all the power . literally .
i have , windows also just said that the drivers were up to date .
ok , i have 55 commons cards and 19 old cards which i ' d value at least 2 cards each so that would make you 74 cards for you and you ' d give me 93 cards is this ok for you ?
ha ! like i ' d pay for gold . the first time i got gilded i tried to disable it .
i listen to hard rock and metal . i also recently gotten into melodic death metal .
grandma , go home . you ' re drunk .
yeah , the guy who made this video seems to think the only important thing to happen was the introduction of new characters and not the story at all .
thats why i said strike while the pot is hot . id ship him off before he lost anymore value ans get the most i can get in return . just what id do tho .
4 gb ram , not sure what else matters , but it ' s a laptop . no animated sprites either .
not the fact that the whole team played bad . let ' s just blame loco
no reason to , i ' ve just never seen two tanks in unison . i ' ve seen tanks almost as big as water heaters , but never two working together .
who do n ' t need no man .
really . iowa is going to talk shit . this is the pot calling the kettle black . or corn calling wheat a plant .
she posts moments constantly about how guys are assholes , and wants to know why she ca n ' t find a good man . then she posts her naked titties to 500 men .
it is a huge accomplishment for most redditors who would otherwise make success kid memes about establishing eye contact with a woman .
another ronda rousey hype machine joke ?
bogut was squared up . ad rushed the shot with no one ready to rebound on the other side . pretty bad play at such critical time .
idk why no one saw this happening , none of this stuff is copyrighted
nah , people who love the saudis and the extremist elements in jewish culture control the media . please do n ' t sound crazy .
i came here to post stand by me . you kinda beat me to it there .
i was just looking at some other series like breaking bad and dexter and they both have included all the extras , so im thinking ill just wait for the series .
why indulge insane wannabe - ascii bullshit ? it does not add to my experience . if it goes blue then i ' m not interested . my browser has a back button . does yours ?
no serious issues here on any of my tablets or phone .
i care .
the first season of the radio series is legendary . only six episodes which tell a complete story , and just really , really fun .
ya , i think she ' s a slut and he ' s the definition of a whore .
also , do n ' t take the first hit after soaking in vodka , it about choked me to death . fire it and blow through the air hole to burn off the alcohol .
i did n ' t make the chant , but feel free to keep doing what you ' re doing . i ' m not a huge fan of that one either . nice to see some downvoting . well done .
the first week of august this past summer .
american football is still a pretty chill sport .
yep . i ' m just asking people not to fuck with it .
just fine ! i put it in about 80k ago when i rebuilt the engine . i should be about 4 or 5 more slave cylinders from needing a clutch .
yeah , you can tell because of the girl with a slate , the 3 guys with cameras and the guy with a boom pole
mine has lasted me over a year . i do n ' t play year round but i ' ll play 4 days a week over winter so that ' s really weird to me .
he clearly is . your story is irrelevant .
i know right ! now only tears flow from my face knowing i ca n ' t experience the same feelings i did in my first viewing of the film
they could just make it so that if you have played a champion in ranked , it starts at level 1 .
yeah i do . works for me , i just ca n ' t do it with both eyes open .
where does the greedy asshole part come in ?
i get what you mean , but i get more a sense of early hitchcock . if you look back at the stuff he did while still in britain you start to feel it .
i completely know what you mean . i am always torn between my desire to clean and my love for my couch . the couch is winning .
they can already cat bread .
i had a look on steam , all of the cheap ones were just dlc . but thanks for the idea
pretty sure the only jeep part is the grill . its in a pretty competitive modified class .
how long ago was this ? did you report it to anyone ?
that ' s ok . that just means you ' re permanently on mission : p
yes , but that also applies to the other game modes more . its all relative
ok it should be available for download now . if you have any input for the beat too we can always clean it up . just shoot me some bars and ill mess with it a little more .
seriously , the post was a friggin month old .
shoot , my bad , i linked to a version without subtitles . i updated the link to a version us english - speakers can understand .
should we send this comment to the top ?
i dunno man , it was stickied for like 3 weeks straight lol . i ' m getting there ! just kind of taking me a bit longer than i thought it would .
or when people are expecting things to get tougher because the government is doing its best to scare them .
ok , ok , i was a fat kid
they ' ve also hit a fair amount of them . that ' s kinda how it works .
ha , yeah you actually just pm ' d me : d
for a while i thought there was a low level civil war that got upset by a glitch plague and subsequent drone led caste war . yup .
use numbing mist ? healing also opens people up to parry so use your gun .
i think i read yesterday that the tobacco companies are behind the largest anti - smoking campaign there is .
dude i live in the city .
yes , they do . i come to visit usually once a year .
if god did n ' t want us to create killer robots to eliminate our enemies , he would n ' t have invented science . checkmate green communists .
adidas kits for next season are only announced in august so we ' ll definitely see him in this year ' s kit .
every drug deal would be shut down by lois . boring plot .
the manga stops being a full blown harem and actually turns into a really good shonen around halfway .
indeed , i ' m all set now .
technically it ' s reading week it just happens in the middle of my college semester , and trust me i know , its been like - 30 every night for the past 2 weeks where i live
is this a reference to the one story about the kid who broke both arms and couldnt jerk off ? dank reference if it is .
i actually recorded it , i found the video files and saw that my helmet did n ' t actually hit the ground .
thanks . i thought the snow would make the pants show better , but i think it just over exposed the shot .
you ' re welcome , i ' m flattered and glad i could help out ! i hope things work out for you ! : 3
i ' m not your bud , pal !
nothing at all . i was being friendly with you . if you do n ' t want to chat anymore than i can say farewell . it ' s been fun ! have a nice day !
i know there are habs fans out there that are with reality . thanks man for showing some class and reminding us we are good drinking buddies 2 hours down the road .
they ' re the ones between two flavor runs . basically , it ' s a mix of two flavors that blend together and they package it as mystery and sell it anyways . why waste it ?
except for the part where he was showing off his stolen car , got caught , and received a life sentence . does n ' t seem like a mastermind when you take that into account .
for sure , he ' s always been surprisingly explosive for his size . when he goes all out , he still consistently looks like one of the fastest players on the court .
i cannot get to deep water ; i fish from shore and simply cannot reach them . i would imagine that , just starting out , op does not have access to a boat either .
not in my country . also , 15 year olds have sex with each other - 5 year olds do not .
yeah - i just emailed the file to myself and opened it on another computer . same thing
okay cool , what is your email . i have no problem emailing you a picture of my kiddies . what is your email . i will send it later on today , when i get home from work !
thinking something will turn out in the worst possible way , accepting the situation and finding out it turned out great . also , achieving things i ' ve worked for and wanted for a long time .
so funny . i have a friend i plan on visiting in daytona beach , is that close to you ,
you are also missing anal sex .
is moreno too poor on defense to play left back ? is that why johnson ' s there ?
you also have . obj after you click on download
i want arcades you can pay for by the hour , and be in a full vr setup on any game you ' d like .
just looks nice , is all
lol i deleted it . i want to check out beyond earth too
a fair chance when i ' m reading them . it ' s like choosing to date men within a certain type , but still giving each one a fair go .
damn right , i ' m seeing a bunch of bitching and complaining from armchair reddit users who think she owes them something longer .
nothin like some good ole scat porn .
what do you mean ? yeah i stand and record at the same time .
source on those two ? and what the fuck does it matter how many died ? how is that any excuse for what they did ? that has no place in a professional army .
i think it ' s because beer is a lot more complex to actually make .
oh so you are taking the rapids as your first team ? welcome !
no more like if it happens to be on tv then i might leave it on , but i wont go buy the dvds or wait for it week by week and watch it .
nah , i am just very , very curious about physics
or just wear some kind of ball protection . something like shin guards footballers wear but for your balls .
evolution does n ' t want us to bring an ugly baby with anxiety into the world .
i have been a member for about a year and ya they actually feature some cool stuff . you also can opt out of shipments or customize them if they feature something that ' s available in your area
it ' s a shitty frame of mind , but every time riots like this happen , i hope that some small business owner just shoots the fuck out of a gang of looters .
lobbying by who ? gas attendants ?
but there was n ' t any at this latest party !
dinner is a meal .
what do you teach ?
can testify , was awesome
i feel like taking out a lawyer is a definite pro .
also , seals get away a lot of the time . if the initial attack fails then the longer the chase continues the odds tip in favour of the seal .
what made you change your mind ? especially with eating pussy ?
nope none whatsoever . the skill is only use able for the hero that ability comes from .
you can make it more with the console . i play at 110 .
they are for sale , i was n ' t there when they printed so i ' m unsure of colors . i do believe they could put it on almost any color .
i ' m able to play the full time .
i ' d throw some of my pocket - spiders at it . they take care of business .
it depends . i remember reading a while back that some people managed to unlock a disable portion on a stick of ram , but it wound up causing a bunch of data errors .
if you go back along our evolutionary path you find an ape , not an ape or monkey like creature , my bad .
well , they were looking at the belgian model when they thought they were gonna rebuild iraq . it takes belgians to let the belgian model work .
barely . i roller bladed when i was younger . practice practice practice my man . i ' d focus on skating a little bit before picking up a stick
what about grocery store ? is that a grindy job ?
exactly , thats what ' s happening a country sold to corporations
401k are rigged . news reports have showed that they are almost useless if you cannot invest the full 17k a year
no , it ' s easy , you just buy a different bike .
no need to apologize ! it was fun !
too many dicks on the dance floor .
no idea ! for me , it was around the same time that my town tree reached full size . so it ca n ' t be longer than 500 hours .
and a cool mustache like michael jordan ' s !
there is a waiting list of 8 months up here for them , and that is at the dealerships . the private shops are even longer .
their fulfillment of your expectation is irrelevant to expecting them to fulfill them . people should be attempting to play their class to the fullest .
just some random knives my dad buys for the family every christmas . red one is a colt , blue is a ridge runner , and the steel one is a winchester . have another colt off on the left side .
i went to school with the redheaded one who we have currently . it ' s my dream job , i ' m just not pretty enough . i ' m also a dude .
people say i ' m the life of the party because i tell a joke or two . . .
supply and demand . the industry kills animals because you buy dead ones .
that made no sense . and no would never be a teacher , i ' m not worthy .
wow shot in the eye really ? i ' m pretty sure no one he poked is fucking blind or missed any games . you ' re civil .
i graduated from college 2 years ago and recently moved to a new state . i ' ve been here a month and have n ' t had luck with the job search .
so low hanging that it ' s a vegetable
i edited my last comment with additional information . also , they do make plus size bucket seats .
my psu ca n ' t handle the card and i do n ' t have enough money left to buy a new psu . a 970 only needs a 500w psu which i have
i ' ll be on in a minute , i just had to do a system update
good call on the predictions . was lucky enough to watch both games simultaneously . there ' s nothing like a cl night to get me ecstatic .
i think it ' s really cool that even in small subs this kind of thing happens . good luck on getting mod status !
but not monday .
tree puns in a row ? i might have to leaf the subreddit at this rate .
no problem , man .
thank you ! a very kind compliment .
could you please help me on how to fix unsupported compression flag 3 error ?
ditto . we ' re here for ya man .
yeah , it was kind of sad but not for the right reason .
i mean i ' m in school and close to a criminal justice degree but i do n ' t stroke my own penis thinking i ' m the shit .
i like looking at the naked pics us women put up on reddit . it ' s liberating .
this seems to be the general consensus in this sub and i ca n ' t possibly disagree with this line of thinking any more than i already do .
you are confusing fantasy with sci - fi .
they ' re not p90 ' s , they look similar but there ' s a huge difference in sound .
wow how is this big room trash ? in my opinion it is a rather slow house track ?
check the main post for more info . this is a tiebreaker for first .
i could n ' t tell you why . all i am saying is that they should n ' t cap the amount a coach should be paid .
wait for the true technological shift to come . a tesla is still a power storage unit rather than a power generation unit like in a gas driven car .
how exactly have i argued it was not rape ? fuck you for putting those words in my mouth , asshole .
but on which side will all the midgets fight ?
can you share some test prints ?
i highly reccomend the directors cut for a second viewing . however do n ' t do it for a first viewing . it makes it a lot more understandable .
what about peeing , i use my left . my right hand is weird about stuff .
the lights in my house wo n ' t make it glow , the sunlight from it sitting in my window did it , i just happened to go set it back on the floor of my dark closet and it was glowing .
gotta learn how to be less flammable . xd
i like it on my touchscreen laptop too , love it actually . but it was n ' t made for desktops . which is why windows 10 will be awesome because it will have both .
what did you expect ?
god giants fans stick up for him so hard . i actually like the giants , but eli is not good . just because he got superbowl mvp twice does n ' t really mean much at all imo .
fat kids need movies too !
helmet , boots , gloves and shield all exist somewhere in the world . most guarded by invisible entities .
thunderlord still has n ' t been sold , has it ?
cant rob the potential future billionaire ! they are just at a temporary blue collar job .
as someone who has been around serious drug addiction and personally beat an opiate addiction , i can honestly say that i am being a realist , not a tough guy .
found the racist , you guys ! right here !
oh , man . i knew it looked familiar ; thanks for pointing that out !
i heard getting a punching bag can help a lot . just unleash your fury on it at the end of the day .
i wish someone would add in a bone crunching sound effect .
we did , we did . thats why i think it is completely plausible to win a championship with cutler . we just have to improve our defense quite a bit !
people have been saying it will be ryse every month since gwg started . april is double gwg month , but it ' s only for one month .
but it ' s so much work , man
that ' s not what i meant and you know it , man . come on .
thanks for clearing that up . i was just wondering about that . it makes sense in a way , though .
you think i care if the neck - beard conglomerate down vote me on reddit ?
having just googled weeaboo , only a weeaboo would even know what a weeaboo is
i ' m not your mate , friend !
we were n ' t in which war ? because we were definitely in both world wars .
if they volunteer at the slaughterhouse , that might be a really big red flag .
also , the ones that go and watch the movie directly after it ' s released are more likely to like it than random people who happen to see it afterwards .
at least you ' re providing captive bred fish to the industry . good on you .
well that ' s just wrong . if you require sauce , your meat was n ' t cooked properly
i had no idea the area was that beautiful . i ' m coming from the front range of colorado and going to cali .
whoops i actually meant her leather and lace look but both would make me live !
but bloodborne is the current reason to own a ps4 . the only ps4 exclusive worth playing in my opinion !
but also preventing the breeding of intended super - jedi , who then become super - sith .
i almost feel like it ' s a parody thing at this point . maybe i have n ' t seen a lot of mediocre comedies lately .
the image processing of the z3 has been really lackluster . manual mode is the way to go if you want better quality . superior auto is terrible .
i ' m a girl , and i have a penis . it ' s a girl ' s penis , my penis . i ' ve also got a vagina down there , and it ' s a girl ' s vagina , my vagina . i ' m a girl . deal with it .
you think i ' m trolling , but you ' re unable to draw this apparently simple concept ?
i ' m just on the normal difficulty , so i guess the problem is that i just suck at this game . haha .
it ' s even worse because we thought a better striker would fix that . well we got a better striker , but now we are n ' t able to set him up with good chances .
i rarely miss a game , but i do n ' t think i will be watching the hawks on friday
age of ultron probably makes 3 . i ' d bet civil war will be the fourth , but iron man 3 might not still be in by then .
you mean in the description of the imgur photo ? in that case you would need to use the link to the photo on imgur , not the direct link .
stateside ? have you met irish americans ? probably the least progressive , most racist european transplants in america .
i did n ' t really pay much attention to that . i just love numbers so much !
park ji - lung
but barry does n ' t know about cisco ' s death does he ? it ' ll be hard to stop it .
the faq page does n ' t seem to mention she is doing a half , where do you see that information ?
well , that ' s the point , with the streets and such . it would be a lot easier than running up and down the street all the time . saves time , too , if you do n ' t have a lot of time to play .
bogut is the most obvious with his though , he literally just walks with his hands around the guy . it ' s so obvious ; y a foul every time but they just do n ' t call it .
yeah i ' ve only seen up to halfway through the second season , but the shows are basically the same .
indeed i do ! i , however , see it as more a long shot financial gamble then anything . the risk of storing value , however , is still better suited for fiat for a strong majority of people .
end of this month . so basically only days left . real question is what kind of non compete clause that contract has .
but what about him asking for a couple days to think ? are n ' t i rushing him if i call ?
yeah , no problem . i ' ve been busy with school at the moment , but i ' ll definitely be available on the weekend between 8am and 9pm est . let me know if any of these work for you .
i do n ' t think that ' s possible . a phone number is required for the registration process . you ca n ' t send secure non - sms messages without registering .
you ca n ' t do that to a human being you sick fuck .
this coming summer : liverpool ' s expectations
funny joke man . so mature . look , you ' re not a child . do n ' t act like it . you ' re a big guy .
op would n ' t know because he is probably dead now .
unless you ' re british and you miss empire .
fuck the packers , but wisconsin is pretty sweet . not many places can enable the amount of cheese , pork , and beer i consume .
how do you ever plan to integrate that bbb ?
i usually forget i ' m connected to the air play speakers upstairs
so what your saying is that next season he is going to release the rest of the book a week before the show so that the show cannot spoil it ?
i quit after the 3rd read option in a row , 50 seconds into the game . already made playoffs , was n ' t dealing with that bs
sounds perfect . we ' ll take it to pm .
wow that sucks lol . i thought it was some weird ban feature or something .
mine is too , but we ' re both too lazy to change our names either way .
ca n ' t avoid a fundamental force of the universe .
as its a uk number , 911 wo n ' t be of any use , try 999 instead
is that intended to hurt my feelings ? i barely give a shit about them , and they ' re my favorite team .
if i ' m your manager and you did n ' t want to finish out your contract and had that attitude then fuck you .
you might have a bad cable . i do n ' t have that issue .
good for you man , i ca n ' t even begin to explain how disappointed i am right now . all this time , wasted . why did n ' t i just push the damn button when i had a chance ?
this was taken on a nice , windy day so that probably felt great for him .
i assume the pattern fixed itself after the last battle . i dont think they are addressed after the scene with the dam .
i was a kid of about 12 and it was a mistake for me to watch it . i would scrub the shampoo off my face in the shower until i was thirty . you sound far more sensible than i was .
on second thought op . the cops are probably all watching your house by now . you should move .
you can play that game with gravity as well .
i literally made this not even 10 minutes ago . you ' re thinking of the insect glaive one i posted a few days ago
ooh , hi fellow okie !
i only take it to and from work .
i ' m rooting for you . your cat making it to the front page exponentially increases my comment ' s chance of being gilded .
not sure why you ' ve been downvoted , because you ' re right . it ' s a pretty easy switch once you know how to do it .
he does n ' t even lift .
you said neglect not being reported is a good thing because it ' s easy to cover up .
yes , and your assertions related to it
what kind of bizarro world do you live in ?
a cat who hates screen . explained in comment below .
every word has lost it ' s meaning . toxic , hype , disrespect , john , and even circlejerk .
he shits diamonds .
i think a buttery pasta with parmesan cheese would be great with the lobster .
i ca n ' t watch south park anymore because every time there ' s a good joke all i can think about it how it ' s going to be in every single thread for the next five months .
i just asked my mom , and she said most kids do n ' t learn to speak until , at the earliest , 6
yeah like i offer chris sale 24 million a year , then he goes and signs with a la team for like 20 ? what the fuck .
if i was in a room with hitler , bin laden , and nicki , and i had a gun with two bullets , i would shoot nicki twice .
it does n ' t really matter what bow he has - they ' re just tools . he ' s the real weapon .
which gym do you go to ? i ' d love to go to one that let ' s people workout shirtless
i ' m sure i ' d appreciate some random stranger on the internet telling me what i can and ca n ' t do with my personal life .
glad to have helped dude . have fun building !
that ' s correct , i ' m out - of - state . unfortunately , there just are n ' t any real ranked petroleum engineering programs in iowa .
i disagree . if anything , they are equally valuable . if both qbs broke their backs week one i have no problem believing their teams would have 3 maybe 4 wins a piece .
i ' m glad to hear they did !
ah my mistake .
cool that ' s what i practice . thanks for the tips .
such a troll .
of course not . it ' s not strong enough . if you need to fix holes in a stomach you need some good high quality duct tape .
cops had guns pointed at him through the window . i doubt he wanted to make any sudden moves . you ever have a gun pointed at you ? it ' s scary as fuck .
came here to say the same thing . stupid stupid stupid k - cups .
there is no agenda doc , i have several things to discuss , opening the floor for ideas before i finalize the document .
just make sure you get the port for the verizon version . it ' s slightly different than the other .
you high ?
nope .
but then she gets a minimum of 6 weeks off a year or something absurd . most professions require late hours and weekend work .
hard light ?
i bought him . also , the fact that he lasted 10 minutes before anyone grabbed him sketched me out . thanks for being a voice of reason while i lost my head .
pretty sure they are drug tested regularly .
that ' s perfectly alright , thank you for taking the time to write them all out like that !
they are really good ! just a bit of everything in it !
i am his primary source of food . he ' ll learn .
sure , but i also like dressing up and going out just as much as i like sitting at home in pjs and watching tv with some wine .
read his post history on reddit - would you want to be his friend ?
it starts and all the components run within it , and it has 4 slots
the city is pretty much the eastern half north of the river . it stretches from past st paul ' s to the tower .
oh , do n ' t feel bad about it . i knew there was a reasonably high chance that the whole thing would be nuked .
dude i think you ' re color blind
that ' s cool , but there ' s not rule in 2 . 5d animation that the animation must match the artwork at the end .
for a high bar squat , they should be breaking at the same time . some even suggest breaking at the knees first , although i prefer to think of it as both breaking at the same time .
women get threatened because they are women .
hey ! happy early birthday
it takes some looking , but i ' m usually able to find a spot north of carson . it ' s un - permitted . does n ' t even have meters .
some people prefer it , you ca n ' t really argue something ' s crap just because you do n ' t like it . i know wp has significantly less compatibility with things in general , but still .
thats cool ! i love that idea .
it ' s almost like special teams is a part of the game .
that does n ' t explain the increase in price though .
he will make legends of tomorrow great . ca n ' t wait .
same here . it helps take the edge off . plus , already got a jump on my continuation of drinking in celebration or in sadness .
it ' s a tire fire in your mouth . i told my buddy that , and then he went to a party where they had it . i received a barely readable text , but i ' m pretty sure he was telling me i was right .
there is no answer . different people have different ideas of what constitutes life , and no amount of debate will change that .
down vote this heathen for they will surely show their true color as a dirty presser before the end times .
thank you . it ' s hard to get an ugly shot of something so breathtaking . i ' m so grateful to live so close to so many gorgeous spaces . big sur in a few weeks !
how exactly does this work im testing and it seems kind of inconsistent edit : for all curious both side taunts and up taunt at the end do things , down taunt doesnt do anything
you ' re right . i should incorporate being super salty and easily butthurt . that would probably make my life more enjoyable .
mine too . been playing it nonstop since downloading it .
if they were alive today .
thanks for the support . it means a lot to me that someone actually cares out there . just trying to stay alive right now .
ha ha , no problem . i intended to add that in , but forgot . os x 10 . 9 mavericks .
pretty easy considering i had already done all those classes and the programs were the same .
my apologies , i ca n ' t believe neeson did n ' t win one for schindler ' s list .
there is a table posted on the linked article now showing which week each card is released .
him talk too smart , me no like
oh i ' m well aware of that . but without it being a reference it ' s just a overly crude joke from a guy with no comeback . if it ' s a reference it ' s at least a little bit funny
i was going to do the grad school thing , but a nasty bout of depression this past year means i missed all of the dead lines . so now i am in a year of limbo until i can apply again .
i am strangely impressed that you remembered leap year .
have adblock however , work , school , and mobile do n ' t have them .
over the years , as a tsm fan , i ' ve noticed that tsm wins games they have no business winning and loses games they having no business losing . it ' s possible .
lucy is a mean cat . like her owner !
there ' s definite going to be some celtics lakers banter . kobe is a student of the game , he knows all the history
kevin is n ' t a grump , though . barry did n ' t get a head and neither did suzy , before they became a part of the show .
me and my girl have fooled with other girls . pretty amazing . love seeing her going to town on pussy or sharing my dick
but you can expend a 3rd level healing slot to cure a major injury . you do n ' t necessarily need a scroll for it though .
oasis definitely has some songs that stick to your soul . i had a sudden urge to listen to champagne supernova on the way home from work today .
how did he figure out he was good at fast talking ? it ' s like opposite fez .
trust me , we have n ' t forgotten .
you ca n ' t choose your spirit animal . mines an armadillo , not a bear like i wanted . sad day .
money . girls like shiny things , money , fame and confidence . he has all of those .
sure thing , friend
i can too and trust me - it ' s just for appearance . i know it makes absolutely no sense in the actual language .
knowing one ' s rights is n ' t going to stop police from approaching someone on the street in order to card them .
it ' s true . canadians have almost none . theyre a great disappointment
i have thought about destroying my card , but then again , what if there ' s an emergency and i have to use my cc ? for example , if my car breaks down , or something along those lines
i ' m a broken record at this point . watch it again . wilson is too short . he couldnt throw the ball any lower . bad play call .
that ' s my hope . the whole thing has been ridiculous in my opinion .
mostly sports cars that need premium . if you have an average nissan you ' re fine for regular .
there was lot of food involved : corned beef shank , potatoes , cabbage , soda bread to soak up all the booze . we ate and drank like kings , it was awesome .
too bad it ' s nacho decision , it ' s the bbc ' s
even if there were fans in the top slots , they ' d be exhausts . hot air rises up , why fight it .
you ' re very welcome . glad you enjoyed it . feel free to add your own .
ravens all blacks during night games are too damn sexy .
english is n ' t my first language either , but that is n ' t an excuse for willingly using the wrong word .
oh yeah let me just walk in there next to my mom or dad or brother and piss in the sink . or better yet , the kitchen , where i prepare my fucking food .
reddit saved another man ' s soul !
ca n ' t see anything in light . that ' s why i have to wear my shades .
so , sliders , but one person , and time travel instead of parallel dimensions ?
me too , i actually like the song . but in full disclosure , i was born before it was first sang .
ohh ok thanks . are word clouds a new thing thats trending now ?
you do n ' t go for your either , you go to kansas city and get google fiber
until you hear the train a - coming .
go to a vet far away and open up a skype conversation with them so they can see the dog being put down live .
buy a huge lifted truck and you ' re set .
yep , because they believe that women should be gentle , submissive creatures who need a man to protect them , which makes the neckbeard feel strong and worthwhile .
what about a group of fast zombies ? less scary ?
do you refuse to wear flip flops for the same reason ?
by the time that comes out , it wo n ' t be a game .
personally i do n ' t know about if it has wheel support . i do n ' t have a lot of experience with racing wheels but i assume you could just use it as a generic joystick , no ?
well they could hire an actual writer who can actually write sentences . i ' ll take the job for sure .
all he needs to do is just stay for 10 more years and just win the title every year and he can tie ferguson ! totally doable right ? haha if only
great . ca n ' t be said enough .
yeah during class , just gotta make sure you balancing actually listening and taking notes though . just try to note things that you think will be important or will be on the test .
well seeing as how your still the only team who has been eliminated in the 2nd round , and by your final playoff game performance ? id say the most pathetic of the 2nd round .
just making sure ! some people might take offense knowing you took their idea from the internet . thanks , i ' ll get some laughs from these i ' m sure !
i ' d like to sort by latest too , so that i can easily find items i ' ve recently picked up .
fuck , thank you . good to know that i ' m not the only one that thought the comment train was ludicrous . short jokes ? really ?
i do n ' t think so , but really do n ' t know . they will travel from one plant to another . i have seen them travel through the grass . good luck finding whatever it is .
i do n ' t think this button is all that important . i just want to be red flair so i feel special .
pretty much any situation above 50m distance ?
fun fact , that is a complete sentence . try to learn some grammar rules .
im still holding out hope on this one ending differently . maybe they ' ll switch that person with tara . : d
we had to make due with cut and paste .
it ' s lawless denim
lol u got problems i hope your parents find a better job so they can support your internet needs . good luck .
the best is when they get so worn out they have to wear socks with them to help them stay on . you see an old fucker wearing these with socks , you ' re never eating better .
making great beer without being overly analytical about it is just fine with me .
haha this is at one of the bars we play at . they only bring out their nice boards on league night
can be a different card but the same person .
and you did n ' t see him bring his hand down to hit the head ?
i only listen to them to make the icon go away .
only thing i can think of is mp style house flipping shenanigans .
rolling rock it is then !
who cares what they do in the nba ? its a game and playing it like reality is slow and boring
mad money i suppose ?
democrats in office or democrats in the voting booth ? there ' s a huge difference between the two .
that ' s bad o : what classes did you miss ?
say they were really expensive so he feels like he ' s expected to wear them .
that would be an interesting trick . every race is free to have its own assholes , saints and everywhere in between .
i have allergies here , anyway . go texas !
finally an actual use case for that thing .
i stopped watching them once i was old enough to know that woman do n ' t make the stupid sounds you ' ll hear in japanese porn . they need to stop trying to emulate hentai
you ' re on a roll , everytime i look you are making a finals . i need that wm diva bad . i keep getting beat in the semis
anything that is n ' t a 5 can get them kicked out . if the job is n ' t worth getting an easy pass then they only have themselves to blame .
saw him about twenty years ago , he put on a great show . the dude played more than ten thousand gigs .
the mind games are real .
yea , 17 is not an adult at all . it should be , but the vast majority of people are still little shitheads at that age , i know i was .
cant drink when you ' re passed out .
i have records at each of those sizes .
never used it , i usually only buy console games used when cheap
it was sold out lol . a small portion behind the stage was empty because they wouldnt be able to view otherwise .
i ' m at work checking the button every few minutes . i have not decided when to press it just yet .
i did n ' t want to admit it when i first learnt about it . truth is stranger than fiction .
i loathe assault mode , from either side . encounters are okay , but i usually have both disabled for more consistent multi - drops with my clan .
that ' s like saying squats are the only thing you should do for legs
according to what i ' ve read from the thread , the general consensus is that the players from the past will travel to the present . edit : through the use of time machines or the like .
thank you ! i ' ll give them a call on monday for sure !
it is a proper city . just a unique one . it should n ' t be a chicago or la .
he made my panties drop .
give him like five minutes .
when did i suggest that i hate jews ? i think that ' s just your own victim complex speaking , you ' d love it if i hated jews . i did n ' t assume that you hate arabs for disagreeing with me .
i was kidding . yes it ' s a red flag but i think we could have a big opportunity if he falls to us . that said , i do n ' t think he will .
i guess i was talking about your family . you get speeding tickets thrown out easily . at what point do laws apply to you ?
cool , i ' ll pm you .
something that sounds like what the fuck is a bit different then just two players with names that sound similar .
no , because ring and middle are inside the vagina
pretty much , yeah . but my point is that if you go to the beer store and buy something that is n ' t made or imported by the owners , the three owner companies get next to nothing from it .
well how did you become king then ?
gotta say . that would be pretty funny if some games did that . but does n ' t the ps4 support keyboards and mice ?
i just followed rules that are seen in major sports today , were big and bad . but we can follow league rules to still win unlike other nations
then just order a bunch of other random stuff to get the free shipping , then just return the stuff you do n ' t want .
that feel when people question basic decency .
i tried validating the game files , but that did n ' t work .
how did you manage to sleep for so long ?
i think almost everyone finds that idea very troubling . people should n ' t be refusing medical treatment due to money .
ah yes , the attitude that friends should act like friends to each other . what a wild and eccentric paradigm to live under . no one out there could possibly understand .
that ' s always nice : p
oh god yeah , my dad and i literally yelled for 10 seconds . it ' s a great ass night .
i used the official map as the template for the design . i think it ' s like on a globe where the lands distort when on a two dimensional map .
yeah , be sure to be doing test shots with this going around !
its straight out winchester road towards the border . call before you head out there . they only are open certain days , and once they run out of meat they close for the day .
the kind of people who go watch that elephant probably are n ' t those you want to protect , anyway .
a girl i talk with is a hospice worker and you would n ' t believe the shit she has to go through every night for less pay then most people . hearing some of the stories was unbelievable to me .
yeah thats what i show them and then they treat me like an idiot and say that they mean regular shoes .
holy fuck . land is an object too . do you want to specify what the fuck this object is instead of playing semantics ?
remember that wireless being on also has the near field communication for the amiibo also on . this plus the new processor could simply represent more power usage .
i totally would , but i blew off all my school work and now its nearing midterms and it would take me 4 hours or so . i can draw a comically sloppy portrait in ms paint tho
i like em big too but the rest of her is tight and get face is gorgeous . she ' s a hottie
yeah , agreed . i heard he does some gigs every now and then
oh , that ' s awesome ! it sounds like you ' re at least on the right track , even if you feel like you ' re still struggling .
yeah , that was just an incredible heads - up play to recognize what was coming .
i guess in my area most people dont want to miss the start of the movie . people come in during the coming features but rarely during the movie .
there is no level cap so i do n ' t think you ' d miss out
i was n ' t sure if the were but i was trying to make a point that they were doing what the pats were .
it ' s nice that way sometimes .
source :
that ' s great . we need more of that
did i state otherwise ? fact is that na became far more competitive internationally right as they began importing . but i ' m sure that ' s totally just a coincidence .
almost all court cases are open to the public . if these numbers are revealed during the trial , anybody interested will be able to see them .
you ' re not working them hard enough then
i have 11 drives always spinning on my home computer .
checked grounds , moved grounds multiple times , changed ground wires , length , gauge . same goes for power . i ' m guessing the outside of the rca is ground ?
just google nintendo mobile games . tons of news about it .
09 bulls celtics series feels like yesterday . ugh that was 7 unreal games of basketball
rabbit .
as bad as it sounds , stereotypes are there for a reason .
haha i ' ll thank my liberal arts education i guess . that or random stoned nights binge reading wikipedia articles . i do that a lot .
then that is a failure of that particular game to create an experience that is sufficiently available to a wide range of consumers .
damn mate , i found 46 messages ! any idea how i can fix the ones that were blocked though ?
fine , i ' ve added your fc : d
oh , i thought he was saying chicken and tits , like he preferred chicken breasts .
why the shift if you are going to get jumped ? for range indicators ? or attack move ?
true . well , he can ride the bench until next year . i believe the cap hit this year is way too high to release him .
this is a scary thought . might be true .
that ' s what i ' m hoping for . i got one on the 1st . did n ' t even occur to me that they would be on sale today .
i play a variety of games and although cs : go as of lately has taken up most of my time i enjoy new things just as much . ill look for your invite .
it feels a bit awkward when it is hidden in my nose , but when it is out you really do n ' t notice it unless you push your lips up to feel it
downtown might be the safest place to ride a bike in charleston .
i think he has decided he is going to ride the season out with this group of players knowing that they will be the ones that will be returning next year .
alternatively waking up with your hand in animal barf on your bed . so fucking gross .
first champions played , first champions bought etc . are questions that riot support will ask someone who lost his account .
i ' m gonna go with the the guy that thinks the president killed his grandmother is a cunt .
live runs like crap on weekends and during prime time when most people would be available to use it . so the numbers thrown around in this thread are purely based on best case scenarios .
yeah i feel your pain , southern new brunswick here .
i ' m an arsenal fan living with 2 chelsea fans and we all follow football very closely . so i ' d say yes actually .
i think the cotton and cold water will work if i get after the stain immediately . thanks .
shit apple does n ' t fall far from the shit tree rand .
i will never forget the collective intake of air when the film started . that opening sweep over the city , in imax , felt for all the world like the audience was collectively base jumping .
nah . you need to go deeper . like a lot deeper .
we cant really be for sure , it is the future . almost anything could happen . but i do n ' t think you would regret stepping down to z97
yeah fuck those guys . especially that girl that was up there . fuck her right in the pussy .
fuck .
you are right actually - i do remember being able to put a light hand on them but nothing excessive
amazing game , i ' ve put over 800 hours into it and still enjoy it . love helping people on that thing and leveling everything was so much fun .
except the law , you fucking dumbass republican , allows you to film cops . learn about your constitution sometime instead of just the 2nd amendment
he said if floyd could read a page of harry potter he would donate money to a charity of his choice , or something like that .
is it though ? she ' s also the best thing since sliced bread as well . maybe even better than sliced bread , which would make the question moot .
you work with me .
not a rumour . just saying that you ca n ' t use this as proof of them surviving falls .
and if it needs to take a break , you can table the roll table table !
ugh that ' s what i was dreading ! thank you for helping though !
space .
i am lol i was really hoping for a standard hmm .
i think if i knew where i ' d be as an adult , when i was a kid , i ' d have decided to say fuck bills , become homeless , and spend all my money on gameboy games .
i do n ' t have strong enough internet to host or hold up for an entire multiplayer game , but i can go on reddit .
no , but she ' ll chop your head off to make you orgasm .
haha what , you do n ' t apply to high school unless you go to private school , and even then you applied to 7 ?
prove it , give me gold .
methane from chicken shit . was so cool .
in the end does it even matter ?
it did n ' t seem so bad going through it but typing it out made me realize how bad of a situation it was . at least i grew up being loved by two parents and my childhood was happy in that sense .
and also , hugging someone slim just feels nicer overall pretty sure whoever wrote that line about pointy angles has never hugged a girl of any kind
if the quirky shops were in high enough demand they would be able of afford the rising rent .
see my edit , i fixed it by manually assigning the game to my nvidia card in nvidia control panel
that ' s a really bad reason . if you were to say the previous two games , fine . but you should n ' t force the player to a different medium to learn the characters .
it ' s the cannon control building , from the 2nd part of the 2014 christmas event .
no matter which one you pick , you ' ll still end up playing against cheaters sooner or later .
more like 16 because they usually have that many story episodes .
in the great plains of the us , in 6th grade we learned how to balance a check book and write checks . that was it outside of an accounting course in high school and a finance course in college .
it ' s fifa world
contempt prior to investigation ! op , what kind of build is in there ?
there was a guy at my gym who had 6 45 ' s on either side for a dl . it was amazing
start a game - rating channel on youtube , or start writing a blog about games . pretty much become a critic .
it ' s not about how well they sing , it ' s about how i want to hear the song , not you .
yep . he ' ll have the hatch link so he can also pm the guy and ask him to nn it . let me finish a hatch and then i ' ll trade you !
or you could of bought a drink ?
it still needs to show up : p should i add it to this post , or make a new reddit post : o ?
agreed . still a good minimal case if you need one though .
thanks man , i appreciate it .
so ? leave it somewhere , someone will find it and get it to the right place . look , i know you were in a hurry to catch the flight , but that ' s no excuse .
my family usually calms down around 11pm , but i sometimes stay up until 12 . i have school tomorrow though so i ' ll be getting offline soon . xd
like a chef at a restaurant , ca n ' t really enjoy it .
same . i had to spit because i was afraid i would taste it if i swallowed .
there ' s no way that if the blazers win it ' ll be 4 - 2 . i think that is more ridiculous than dallas winning just 1 game
i think people also say people with big feet have bigger hands , but i ' ve never seen or heard of any definitive proof .
sure it would . the wings are mass . the flight control thrusters now have to compensate for the loss of mass and balance .
it ' s like a tinted window . just looks darker in the pic because of the rain .
well its voice work , which does n ' t have to be done in a specific locale .
good luck ! you should still get diagnosed now in case you have something else . if you do need surgery , you can always schedule it later .
complaining about the crowd from your chair in front of your computer is so lame . i guess those people are not watching the streams for the games after all : p
chicken is almost exactly the same frozen or fresh because it ' s nearly all protein . no fats or texture to mess up .
upvoted for voicing your opinion but i would have to strongly disagree with you . i believe it was great storytelling .
even if it ' s true , it ' s just so overdone and just comes off as arrogant to me
yeah i was just joking but i ' m not so funny .
sorry for voicing my opinion feel free to tell me how you really feel i took elementary psychology and i am qualified to give no advice .
offer ?
everyone has been talking about it for a long time .
thank you , i ' m glad someone appreciated the thought i put into it . sadly it ' s hard to state ideas on reddit without some people being negative .
i did the math , theres only 6 , and three of them are run by lizard people .
yes . nothing makes a fluid and fast paced sport more exciting than number crunching .
for me , i tend to avoid too much rc until i have enough iron it takes either barrels or me drives to store it .
that ' s not true . meditating monks often describe spiritual revelation as a path for enlightenment in our physical world .
life jackets are a good idea , but a lake is the safest body of water to be drunk in
oh yeah , i ' ll definitely do more research . i ' m super interested in a getting a ton of flavor , and no juice shooting in my mouth haha .
is beal playing ?
i do n ' t ! i dreams of planes falling from the sky , though . i think those are worse . who knows , though ?
god i hate reddit . why do i stay ?
the question is is it mathematically possible for every team with 65 points and under to finish the season with none of them getting 19 points .
how come ? have there just not been any bands you liked playing ?
that flat coke is an interesting suggestion . i remember reading somewhere that thirst is often misinterpreted as hunger , so switching to water is definitely going to be key .
cool dude , nobody gives a shit
building still settling , even after 60 years ?
1 . the princess bride is one of the best movies of all times . 2 . the book is so good it makes the movie almost unwatchable .
this is absolutely true . there is no reason to use high skill cap champs if they give the same reward as the easy ones like annie . lol is balanced at the highest level .
trigger is my trigger word . i much prefer company of people who realize that i am an adult , and not a child to be protected .
that ' s perfect ! why did you stop ?
they are muslim countries with muslim laws . unless you feel like throwing away our heritage and just changing it all to suit islam ?
that chair has little to no leverage anymore . you can hardly even call it a star chair at this point .
nope . gotta eat it , and gotta be dying .
i had always wanted to work out while stoned ! but man , that couch is so comfy .
but the projector is active and the glasses are passive , which is what really matters .
did you end up getting a coin chippy ? update ? : p
haha , there is a scrap of paper in there with crude drawings of the different pills , i just did n ' t include it in the photo .
finally someone reasonable ! you ' d think , considering that the revolver was invented in america and this sub is mostly americans , that they ' d get their gun nomenclature right .
they havent already blurred his face ?
plus who gets a cs degree to go into it ? it ' s completely different material .
is 5 years ago when you became a clippers fan ? i hate all things la .
sorry i do n ' t really want any of those games . thanks for the offer though
thank you very much ! how long are you studying already ? i seem to not have enough people to talk about design , which kinda makes me sad .
28 here and i just got 0 new stars with my 2 attacks this war . the struggle is real .
in this case the size of the package is what would drive the price up .
traditionally , they most likely learned in the service . so the old timers or the women do it .
she ' s also not fat . she looks like an in - shape rugby player .
yea ppi was decent . nothing great . but yes they should axe one of the texas races . atl has one and nothing wrong with charlotte having two . now , kansas , n . h . phx , can be cut to one .
elian grabbed the unconscious soldier ' s shotgun and used it to whack the doubled over soldier ' s head .
their charter specifically states that they are a democratic socialist party . i know this because i attended the party convention this past year , where it was changed .
thank you ! i assume i can find the 13 characteristics on their website ?
yes , it was awful . now is so much better because cartels made a pact , sometimes there are some conflicts , but not really in my city . however , is safe to live and visit here now .
have they attempted to sort out the memory leaks ? with this kind of game , playing a few games in a row will show a decrease in performance if the memory leak is that bad .
oil is not added to coffee beans for roasting , you just move them around in a hot container . like the other poster said it ' s almost certainly the condensed milk .
it is better than all the other options imo , but yeah none of them are great .
ok ? it still does n ' t excuse his lack of work ethic and dedication to his task . ca n ' t even follow through on his own efforts .
i use a hand held calculator all the time . that ' s why i think it ' d be nice if this stat was simply displayed .
but with the thumbnail device , you can play the world ' s smallest violin !
why did n ' t you ask that instead of something so broad and stupid ? working the help desk at your university is actually pretty real world .
it has to fall off so your permanent one can grow in . are you saying you still have your baby penis ?
i wrote in as soon as i read the post . we shall see !
that ' s the correct interpretation . a starving person would n ' t have to take a shit .
it ' s cool i set up my uneven bars and i remembered to chalk up .
there ' s literally 10 ' s of us columbia students !
it ' s an american candy . they ' re a yellow bird shaped marshmallow
i do not . i had to have my stepdad ' s truck . if i remember , i can measure the box tomorrow .
but what if the person asking is a woman ?
i am not good at moderation of any form .
dude this kid got no chill bro . i was talking about skateboarding not soccer bro
ah shit man , you made me realize another reason to be forever cf : i get to drink whenever i want . i barely ever drink but still . the freedom exists !
they ' ll probably realistically scrim 4 days
nova , apex and google now launcher work fine for me . i use plenty of widgets .
he openly talked shit about the clippers while he was here , and quit on the team . just was not professional at all about his time here .
yup , animals die while onboard and you just huck ' em off the side .
the cue ball only hits the right wall , but makes two bounces to turn around .
this is why i stay in gold .
i used lfg for a weekly for the first time last night . i ' d still prefer not to need it , though .
agreed . my other stuff is pretty ass compared to my main team . lol
how did you get so many upvotes ? this comment does n ' t make any sense to me
it does n ' t work like that , unless you ' re only playin with inexperienced players . because experienced ones will do all they can to stand on the red flag and stop the red counter .
no . unless it ' s a set shot for goal , kicks after the siren arent counted .
hmm i do n ' t then . you have pretty much covered everything .
drank quite a lot last night , did n ' t fancy going hair of the dog ! although i am tempted to put some gin in it !
not to mention , force barrier plus war machine for insane reload speed .
anybody who cannot separate video games and real mental health need help .
and the thousands of bombings carried out through the war were somehow different ?
do what you enjoy over what other people say lol it is not like someone ' s opinion of you clicking circles a certain way really matters : p
many moons ago , and still now in some very poor neighborhoods . it ' s possible even that that living space is among those .
i normally watch dvds on my xbox 360 , as it is connected to my tv
if more people watch more porn , the acronym bbc will be understood as big black cock and they will have to come up with a new name .
there ' s a few things in there including some of the shop fronts that really date the place . got a bit of a nostalgic vibe hanging around there this morning !
food was great , service was great too a bit pricey , but would still go back .
i ' m on the fence - the variety from the services and the different concentrates would be cool . let me know how it works for you
tim hortons coffee !
yea , it must suck when your system is taken over by the federation and you get turned into an unregulated federal slave .
ever heard of college ?
yeah . those are regions in middle earth from the lord of the rings and related books .
for sure . i usually think of man buns as thicker buns lower behind the head . either way it looks good .
ok , there is now an updated recruitment post , confirm there when you know if you will or wo n ' t join next map
haha i like how every time we beat peyton it ' s only because he was injured . it ' s the nfl . every player on the field after week 1 is playing injured .
and us canadians got a big brother canada double eviction . i think we ' re spoiled .
i worked at one of the big office supply stores in college . i feel your pain .
have fun paying those taxes . oh wait . you ' ll vote for the poor to pay that .
alabama only exists because of federal welfare programs . they are not even remotely self - sufficient , why should they have the power to override the government they are dependent on ?
i am wondering also when these expect to reach stores and what stores will be provided with inventory .
at that point in the war , they may have essentially been practically children anyways
feel - good loving , it ' s a good way to know if you actually care about who you are with , or if you are just in it for the sex !
in his defense , i ' m positive i would have done the exact same thing .
i was there . crowd flipped out from the moment his music came on .
do n ' t get hit in the first place .
you wo n ' t regret it man , it ' s a great frame
5 dollar venue fee , and if you go to the norcal melee fb page you should be able to find the event info
does a message pop - up when you try ? if so , can you post it ?
maybe you could invest in targeted blink , or the double tapped key to go faster . blink through and away from the enemies and jump out of their range
well they where often set on fire so not like they where treated nice .
ah , good deal then .
milan could just loan him , plus if they do n ' t manage to get immobile they ' ll have the money to buy him .
fuckin insane emotion in that song . i think my favorite so far is these walls .
no i expect it to keep going up after earnings . then maybe a pull back later next week .
karma does n ' t mean much anyway . i upvoted united states .
unfortunately i do n ' t think you can transfer it .
i read this at a glance abd thought you said you ' d be sadistic . i was like o . o
hahahahah , yeah i do n ' t like them either ! everyone is super skinny in my family so i have no idea how you could live with yourself at that size !
well i thought your joke was funny .
i ca n ' t hear you ! seriously though , soon i hope .
i ' ve been doing this and it slowly improves . it just really bugs me that the school is doing that .
aww man , but the corpse fell in to the river somehow since . this ' ll take some engineering
he has a valid point , people do over analyze things he says sometimes . they ' ve announced it was coming before so for him to confirm it again is n ' t newsworthy really .
yea for competitive , still fun to mess around with buddies
whaaaat . i loved that book , granted its not as exciting and filled with battle scenes like the movies . but its still a wonderful adventure story
decent point lol .
this seems to have gone straight above my head . care to enlighten me ?
i love it , but i can see how someone would n ' t care for it . that moves strikes me as very korean variety , which makes sense , it ' s produced by a korean channel .
well , i ' d prefer to be able to have military units guarding the rails so that i can keep the city and use the rails for defense .
here ' s hoping it gets approved . i had thought of retiring patty and making an oni shrine maiden . oni physiology is her minor and gem manipulation is her major .
congratulations , no one cares . if it follows the rules it ' s a good lift .
yeah true . my brother has it for 360 because there are more players , but i recognize the issues . and i do not mean to be rude when i say it is obsolete , sorry if i came off that way .
do you have a better pic ? looks nice .
yes . i just wanted to say that buying a new xbox is a better investment than buying that stupid wifi adapter . the ethernet cable is of course even better .
by your logic being gay is n ' t gay .
what ' s wrong with people wanting more detailed responses ? if you do n ' t like ' em , do n ' t participate .
i never think to re - season after it ' s been refrigerated . that might be an option . thanks !
i ' m pretty open . obviously i want a fair price but i would like to see what packages are available and what their quality of work is before deciding anything .
he did n ' t even stop to eat what the coyote was eating . seems like he was playing .
then it ' s probably a hardware issue . call alienware support .
to account for inflation over the duration of the loan it will always make money .
the feminists and sjws do n ' t have a hope of being engineers anyway . they are just trying to cut down on the prestige of the field and elevate their own by claiming they are kept out by sexism .
you ' re assuming the camera man had anything on him to do that easily
you ca n ' t teach size !
that ' s a for sure thing to do . it is about the bride to be . plus when i was that age i hated all things that had to do with weddings .
suicide is generally driven by intense shame . you ' re likely to make it worse with that method .
basic discovery scanner , yes . but you must have the detailed surface scanner to have the first to find bonus , if i recall correctly .
i can add a max bet skin to sweeten the deal if you like : d
gross . nobody wants to know that shit . keep it to yourself .
will i face a huge difficulty spike due to the lack of characters , or will i receive some good characters soon ?
catchy name but no logo . it ' s not bad . you might get an email from a manager .
based on what i have heard about the final team the champion has , we will need an all 100 team with few type disadvantages .
i feel like anyone who says college was the best time ever did n ' t pay for it .
i feel so , so bad for these women
answer : yes
i ' m sure turks would n ' t say no if australia wants to take 1 . 5 million syrian refugees and provide them objective education .
nope . was rock hard . they wore body armour under their clothes and the landing area was near vertical .
my ex hardly ever did this ! even after i had mentioned from time to time that it was an instant panty dropper move for me .
more generally , do n ' t fuck with a country 63 times your own size .
life is n ' t playing candy land and taking a three hour dump . it ' s about taking home a pay check and keeping a gun out of your mouth .
ok . i hope this works . i ' ll give you an update within two weeks . thanks dude or gal .
like every other industry , overseas labour is cheaper . the average nz citizen probably ca n ' t afford to pay a nz crew and boat to catch the fish .
people who have sex without knowing who they are having sex with are gross . that said you can be in a relationship for years before you find out how gross they are .
probably a freshly dead guy .
do what you gotta do , gl and have fun farming
thanks for your reply ! i ' ll go with the peanut butter and banana today .
but then they would lose so many voters !
he added in a few water towers to help with electricity . i would guess they were added over polluted areas .
be real , gasol is the best player on a team that was leaps and bounds better than the kings . cousins puts up better stats at a glance but this year gasol was a better player .
or we can use a 3d printer . i ' m not entirely against eating 3d printed material .
he ' s far and away the most valuable right now . hence the reason he will not go on a free . who else on that list is walking in to the starting xi for the best team on the planet ?
thanks , did n ' t expect a quick turnaround ! egg should be about 5 steps away from hatching , but do n ' t quote me on that . i ' ve added you and i ' m online
the russian is claiming he put him in the hospital , but its clear that eric does n ' t recognize him
i use it as a base for most meals . its super easy to make a cup of rice , chop some vegetables and cook them up and then toss them on the rice .
apologies , i did n ' t think about the 320 gem foils . i suppose it is completely random .
yeah but it ' s not really sugar but artificial sweeteners . do they have similar properties ?
i saw an article that broke it down and found out that movie had the most jokes per minute out of any film . and do n ' t call me seriously .
i really like that term , describing them as a force of nature .
yes . lifetime guarantee on all hand tools .
yup . i will move the conference logos to the top right and the champion will take over the middle .
how does that work ? do you have two separate clock ins ? or do they pay you cooks wages the whole time ?
in a 2k pub game they ' re not going to contest a support stacking the small camp and doing a pull . in a losing 2v2 you should never shove the lane .
eh gai not so much . his kid would just be another guy clone and we already have one of those for the new generation .
i mostly like singing . used to do cello and tried to learn piano . but the usage of two hands is tricky
did you set tf2 up with some vr settings , like with an oculus rift ? since this is a weird dependency .
because if you have a really high dpi your cursor might jump over some pixel since dpi means dots per inch . that ' s why all pro ' s tend to have low dpi and higher sens .
thank you ! im glad somebody understands what im trying to draw !
i guess i was pretty lucky , 2 weeks into the game i got several legendaries now exotics , i just got back into the game after a long break because of uni , really enjoying it
just because i ' d rather a man trick me out of my money than sexually assault my girlfriend , does n ' t mean that taking my money is n ' t a very shitty thing to do .
he was using tone . it ' s called a rhetorical question .
its nice to see the elderly exercise !
absolutely the right call . dude has n ' t shown any signs of being tired . no reason to pull him .
impossible , that would get highest sentences for financial criminals who can fuck up hundreds of thousands lives with one decision . and they would not fare well in prisons .
yeah , i think i just like the chargers because it ' s powder blue which is just a dope color for an nfl team .
give me some scientific backup then . can you link me some sources ?
but there definitely is a chance . in the end it does n ' t matter . if the mother dies the child dies as well .
at this point , it seems likely that its a case of piling on at once . skews public perception .
i would think afflalo would have a similar effect on batum . not a good trade for your team .
david luiz tried that attacking - as - cb thing , didnt he ?
are store brand cheese puffs acceptable ?
glad to hear it . i always think that there will be a time in the future when i can reconnect with my family but i ' m not holding my breath .
definitely a black outline . it ' s sharp and ends up contrasting with any brighter colors you use .
or pets !
to be fair , goats are assholes
and he probably always was very kind to the children too .
i ' m doing this . you made drunk fifa that much more fun .
it takes a true skeptic to believe something without credible evidence .
i too , tried to talk to my roommate not realizing they had company .
no . it ' ll still be 600 miles to seattle , but it cuts the trip to st louis down to 400 .
you are the definition of a knob .
he is n ' t . people in this subreddit tend to read into everything that happens on the podcast regardless of whether there is anything to read into
ohhhhhh , that makes more sense . maybe there ' s a lower rate or something
they are selling bl2 and tps for 60 i bl2 with all the dlc fo 8 . 99 on the winter sale then another 30 for tps and season pass so i spent 38 . 99 on the same content for less and better visuals
trust me its out there , but its a pain to find , might have to find a torrent
anarcho - capitalists say the most fucked up shit . truly free - market fascists .
nah , i think you ' re fine . it ' s fun to realize some small detail was really important all along , then try to remember what else could be connected .
ot goal to slay goliath , and end the closest series ever . yeah ill sure never forget him .
yes , but it is not polite to drive on the left in america .
i feel like i am getting more then enough sleep , for example i went to sleep at 12 , and ending up sleeping til 11
wow thank you ! i live to teach and inspire as many people as possible . means so much you would say that !
it ' s all about the hair . exhibit a kennedy v nixon . poor mitt he totally should have been president with that hair .
i came here to post this .
ok , care to point me towards an interview where he ' s explicitly sexist ?
correlation does not imply causation . show me any sources that prove an increase in bike amenities is caused by critical mass .
not really . just a feature of the side .
his stick did n ' t come close to the puck
led lights actually have a slight flicker that ' s not visible to the human eye .
check out if you can find a driver for your tv , ive done it two tvs and it makes a huge difference .
typical cis white male , blinded by all his privilege . the only thing that is out of control is that everybody does n ' t support feminism
if you give me a canadian visa i ' ll come over there and make it my life ' s work to kill all the buggers
i had actually considered doing that just for bragging rights , but no i already have a ride planned
it was literally way more bad luck than being careless . i should have been caught a thousand times before if this was to be considered careless . so it goes though .
again the aid money is just there to buy us in . it ' s a bribe if some idiot wants to spend it on a jet what ever . long term goals are the issue .
theoretically , since their brain structure is even more similar to ours than dogs or cats , they should react to weed just like we do .
refs probably arent used to accounting for a gut in the nba lol .
i have a pc from 2005 with 1gb of ram running 64 - bit win7 , but the minimum is 2gb . through some witchcraft it runs perfectly . and , yes , there is 1gb installed , not just useable .
a startup from silicon valley ! whoa !
it ' s not racism if you do n ' t think some characteristics not attractive , it ' s racism to feel superior because of these characteristics . edit : grammar
tight score , bro
pretty sure everyone is as biased as fuck on this sub . because everyones opinion is right .
tame impala ! it probably wo n ' t fit but psych rock should be played at every possible scenario lol
in a manner to which we have grown a belly .
this is n ' t a law where ?
go outside is n ' t the same as letting them wander unsupervised . if it ' s not that way with dogs , it seems odd that they would expect people to let cats wander wild .
i ' ve been rocking it for every playoff game so far . it ' s a beauty .
source ?
the down - side to this is that the org members may be off playing the other game when you want to play star citizen . some of them require members to play the other games as well .
what rock am i living under that i have n ' t heard johnny cash ' s cover of hurt ? edit : wow . that was heartbreaking . what an amazing cover
this , a couple people set up bins of their own in front of their own houses that i cleaned out daily , then i just expanded it out and people started using my bins .
the devil is red , so he ' s from the race of people who use tanning beds for too long .
you get big differences in apu ' s
i ' ve thought about that , but then the new problem lies in how you would fit a nub like that into a traditional hop up unit . would require a fair bit of modification .
thank you . your post is all set . good luck . : d
no , it is n ' t . why the eff should i have to hold my breath so someone can smoke a cigarette ? and clearly , smokers are incapable of not littering .
did n ' t think about that , good point
he is talking about collecting the money . he doesnt want to meet the people in person .
a lot of aoe i guess .
maybe . i just did n ' t have the space in my base to make a whole room dedicated to me storage .
one will inhale the second hand smoke if not the first .
it was his own experience . you had yours . he shared his and you judged his . you could have told your own story instead .
here at school , i take it out immediately . they ' re adults , they should be able to either get there on time or deal with me barely touching their clothes so i can get on with my life .
me too , i love rain when i do n ' t factor in the things it does to my body !
it ' d drop california to 10th place at worst .
because the article is bullshit . it is well established in cartoons that daisy is donald ' s wife .
stop using dollars edit : or sharing straws
i got oracle emilia and guardian zephyr . i see how u feel .
i ' m guessing that is a stock sound effect .
yeah that ' s a bridge . a little section towards the final chorus that changes the pace of the song is a bridge .
hmm in my country they do that so you could put the upside down pudding on a plate . i think they also do that in japan .
depends where you live , i guess .
it does take awhile to get a feel for complex maze that is our tax code .
that ' s also what i ' m hoping for . provided i can keep myself from buying one before that i recently saw fe : a on a n3ds and god damn , it ' s looking fancy .
i know the bitchy red head customer who gets her food fucked with . she ' s actually a very nice person irl .
would n ' t you be kicked after five team kills ? or were the server settings set to a different number before getting kicked ?
you also have bad faith in providing products you may know are susceptible for failure . negligence is n ' t an excuse . my local dollar store does not sell condoms , i know why .
only two wires are used , red and black . you can wire - in a standard connector if you like . the white portion is a old floppy connector .
what did he teach ?
just a zip file full of php spaghetti code , and no version control whatsoever . sql injection and other security holes all over the place , as expected .
ah , private shop service manager of 2 years here . i have so much crazy still to see . thanks ! the diagram was surprisingly perfect
because imo his voice is terrible and dosent seem necessary to any songs he on , i like many artists of different types so i respect assorted voices and types just his to really ear raping
when they used to have the quarter - operated grip testers at the mall , i got just shy of gorilla grip on my right hand .
it ' s a good reminder . i too forget to shave my pubes after binge playing civ 5
if his low life ass is lucky , then yes .
definitely , though i feel like i ' d appreciate it more as a hard copy .
yes , i saw . i ' m glad he is n ' t hurt . i hope they get him the help he needs .
you do n ' t bring your rifle to the restaurant because of your courage . those people are cowards who like to feel big .
hey , you better show them respect , they may be shit , but at least they ' re nobility .
practically speaking ? long term ? sure . but look at their overall agenda . they ' re looking for any excuse to cut public benefits .
it just irks me that i ' m still being affected by it . i hope i did n ' t do any lasting damage .
pretty sure loans and debt become the least of your issues .
what does that even taste like ? water ?
i love half cooked steak and all fruits . i dont give damn , as long as i have my euros its fine . whats an integral ? non native speaker .
maybe by the time i get a wii u , that version will have gone down in price .
i do n ' t think that ' s fair because it ' s harder for some women to conceal cleavage . and how much is too much ?
english is quite common in norway .
judging by the rest of the skin , i ' m going with pale
that ' s what happens when the most replaced member of their band was the bassist : s
the citizens betrayed each other after officials betrayed the truth , then officials betrayed the laws . people just did n ' t seem willing to look at the details .
you can get similar results by going on a long hike in the woods by yourself .
not the same as playing on my tube tv .
i happen to like dead by sunrise . the music ai n ' t bad .
literally tastes like a hershey ' s bar dissolved in rubbing alcohol . big disappointment .
i was skeptical as well . i had a hawaiian pizza recently that was awful . the ham was horribly prepared , so i really think it depends on how it ' s made .
i really hope that ' s not what op meant . that ' s just dumb .
absolutely . not saying that ' s a reason not to do it , i ' d just be curious how it played out .
and that ' s why i dislike reddit . well actually not reddit , but the community the majority seems to be oblivious of most very obvious things , that i thought were very well known .
yes , the fact that bill gates got rich made my life incredibly poorer . as his bank account got larger , i felt my life get poorer . now this comment explains it . dang it !
great idea ! that ' s actually a planned update - this was just a push to get the design finished , then i ' ll start adding more features . thanks for the suggestion !
sorry how many trophies did you win last year or even were did you finish maybe they ' ll start handing out trophies for finishing 3rd
they ' re gonna make porn of it anyway . if it exists , there ' s porn of it .
i was expecting a laser blast , then sand people war cry
well you have that on me . my left big toenail looks weird as fuck .
he was replying to someone ' s comment and you come in to tell them to stay on topic ? rofl .
ugh it took me a week to peel all this shit off my car . i ended up fucking up my paint , and i still ca n ' t get all the goo off my car !
to get up to her you do , yeah , every few souls you have breaks the ice on the stairs . the most i ' ve got is 12 - i find i get invaded more than summoned to help on that fight .
it ' s a stealth heist . when you grab the mixer the audience wo n ' t notice since it ' s not even plugged in .
with the suit on yea but there ' s 3 rounds without it , also cap has taken blasts just as big and more consistently so it ' s not like bats has the durability edge anyway
they game back from 3 games to 1 to take it to overtime in game 7 , and lost on a fluke goal . relax
add in the fact that my cleavage seems to be a black hole in which my hair inevitably falls into and it ' s always so damn itchy , and you ' re me .
thanks ! he just turned 3 in november . he ' s pretty small compared to the full grown pups i ' ve seen in this sub though . he loves car rides !
i did n ' t hate it . i ' ve just never been a big wiz fan . dope they let him do it though .
do n ' t a lot of lawyers get paid by the hour ?
it ' s not completely different . in fact , the two disorders get mutually mistreated quite often .
ok . i think you played fucking bad people , if you could use pure magic and ez mode people . but since this is obviously going to devolve into anecdotes , whatever .
but figure maybe some kind of shading on the body , might clean it up okay . definitely not saying it ' s good , just that with some work it could be satisfactory
it ' s open already . link is on facebook . there are two google groups now , one for rifle and one for pistol . did you look at the right one ?
he says he ' s gone all day and they cage him at night . that ' s about 17 hours every weekday . that ' s excessive even without the softball tournament .
because voluntarily taking a job and being forced into slavery are the same thing , right ?
i feel ya ! exactly why i smoke cannabis : p
but why making it more streamlined makes everything worse ?
i have n ' t seen the article yet but i ' m pretty sure this is from si . he is on the regional cover of the newest issue .
aw , yeah - love the fountain ! quite often meet my pal in there for some wine and snacks , have n ' t ever been for a proper meal though . great atmosphere !
ca n ' t that be applied to every single opinion in this subreddit ? what if the bias is applicable to the question ?
if it is the occ coil head , 25 watts at most . if it is the rta section , 30 watts .
and what ' s the point of this 8 . 5 crap ?
even if you get your power and water from a private corporation , those corporations are still regulated by the government .
it ' s just a silly joke dude
oh fuck me i completely misinterpreted what he asked . that was a stupid comment .
thats fine . i just think your whining . i ' ve been playing for 5 months and have 3 level 30 accounts . i dont find it tedious or hard to do . thats my feelings .
shit really ? got a source on this ?
i live in a small town so that is a scary accurate statement .
the oldest guy born in finland , i guess .
there was this one girl . sometimes , it tasted like yoghurt gone bad . i ' d still do it . nose clenched and all , though . i ' m loving like that .
what ? a wholesome game of stabbing friends and family in the back .
i just start my funnel on a side with huts . drop an dragon on 1 or 2 right away , then there is no need to back track after wiping the base .
some people wish to spread knowledge without the want for compensation . plus . he ' s a rocket scientist . probably does n ' t need the extra money .
idk he was n ' t just part of an administration and did n ' t publicly fail at secretary of state . so it would all be speculation
it ' s a freaking browser game , no servers involved . there is a memory leak though . that ' s what caused the slow - down .
i woke up once and it felt exactly like a cat was sleeping on my feet . i have n ' t owned a cat since 1985 . there was no cat there .
nightfall is god damn great .
i mean , with the state of the industry , you likely wo n ' t be . no - one will . trust me on this .
i like it when i see the other side agree that it was a bad call .
they often did . knitting needles and hat pins .
if it ' s that bad then return it to the store and get another . is the whole drum locked ? even if you turn the dial ?
is n ' t she this asian woman around alliance that serves no purpose at all ?
i just feel it ' s a losing battle . not worth the effort . i concentrate more on just not pissing on my hands whilst doing the deed .
when did i support or call for a turkish genocide or gild the guy who made the comment ?
he is gonna be great as the heels next coach ! pls dont go to duke
wow , man . you have a real negative view of life .
and he ' s got a cool name .
sounds like saturday to me .
but you had to buy the game , right ? is n ' t that a certain amount of pennies ?
are you drinking perfume ?
jump in my car , it ' s as big as a whale and it ' s about to set sail !
wow you can look at user history . doing both of those things sound pretty awesome . i am glad my opinion means nothing to you .
i play on pc , and probably stuff from the past ten years . i play a lot of first person games , but xcom : enemy unknown , the arkham series and shadow of mordor were all great games .
and a new head coach . proven facts here , people .
yea i was pretty young tho , did n ' t really know anything about stuff like that at the time .
there is call of duty in the background .
pretty sure he is . i ca n ' t find a link now , but i remember reading something where he said he would prefer to play the character as he was portrayed in the books .
i still hate you , but accept your apology .
that ' s not climate , son , that ' s the weather on his day of visit .
you can click on the items on the train map and they ' ll show up at the top of the screen . bonnie looks fucking awesome .
i want to say here that the bigger point is that twitter is dirty brown water trash , and the world would be a better place if we put a bounty on their servers .
there ' s no difference between the universe and humans contemplating it . we are the universe contemplating itself .
i tried in poland and now we ' re stuck in this enormous budget deficit . former prime minister here .
last year , game of thrones was added on hbo go at the same time it aired . i was able to start watching at 9 pm on the east coast .
i mean , it ' s bill and tom , i ' m honestly shocked every time we lose a game .
lol . never build near any vehicle !
baths . baths help a lot . and if you can make yourself move around or go for a run its suppose to help but personally i ' ve never been able to do it .
i ' ll go back and look at the neutral ending , thanks !
use the little free time available to do whatever i want . it ' s not hard , just a life adjustment .
stop typing and it might solve a few of your problems , like spelling errors and sounding like a jackass .
good idea ! either that or i ' ll drink it like a shot .
just return it . should n ' t it have the receipt if it ' s a gift ? or tell the store you found out you were sterile or something . no store would be able to resist that .
not sure if you ' re close to them but usaa has two branches in nova , tyson ' s and pentagon city
diddy kong is the only game ill have for the n64 , anything else in mind
i can verify this . when i was at training , i asked an engineer about it , and he said the same thing .
it has been my guilty pleasure the past couple weeks . it actually makes a decent story if you do n ' t have to sit through the same takes day after day .
yeah and was it 40 tons compared to the planets gravity or earth ? was other world ' s gravity the same as earth ? i wish there were more feats of strength .
i dunno , he ' s got a ton of people cheering for him and someone to hand him bottles and towels . i wish i could have that for my treadmill runs .
also , they ' re blue .
man , now i want a uk general election civ mod .
i do n ' t have a home gym . i really like walking outside , but you hear so many stories where someone gets grabbed in what they thought was a safe neighbourhood .
this is a drawn picture .
it ' s pretty much just poverty which pretty much is caused by racism .
the lady clutching her purse with that man carefully holding her , but that other lady is pretty great too .
yeah , just ask them if they have any other packages that did n ' t fit . always get the biggest size though , it ' s worth the extra bucks .
so i should be good to wear a tshirt that says black people smell funny to baltimore ? i shouldnt expect a beatdown ?
oh , i have no idea d : mine is n ' t rooted though . hopefully someone else can answer this , or maybe do a search on this sub ?
how is it lying when this is the truth ?
imagine if he practiced an hour a day for a year .
same here , we have 10 . 7 gb for everyone . it changes when we need to add more hard drives to a certain san , in proportion .
literally all life is a mutation . if rules do n ' t take them into account , you ca n ' t even take sexes into account .
feather : just want to be sure . also , do n ' t pretend to be me when it happens , that ' ll just be awkward and probably lead to stupid shenanigans .
because most people who play cs skipped school c :
i have it working with eve dx9 mode and stable latest release mumble . i ' ve been told for it to work in dx11 it needs latest beta version of mumble
well , maybe they ' ve earned it . do you think i ' d be happy if shirley phelps got murdered or the whole fucking bush family ? yes ! just like i ' m happy when cops get killed .
scooter ? dude , hot rods is where it ' s at , son .
set up in home streaming so she can stream some games from your pc to a small laptop .
ah back in the day when being pregnant was being in a family way and daddy being abusive was relaxing after work .
it seems like he ' s really liking hanging out with all the younger guys on the team , glad to see he ' s not bitter or anything that he ' s on such a low seeded team
what would you buy ?
you are correct that any screen with that diameter can be used . they are specific to the solo because their diameter fits the stem . i do ' t have any info on what that number is .
pah . there ai n ' t nothing more sustainable than wood .
just google it . seals bouncing ball between each other . should n ' t be hard .
sure , but how much does that change the final measure ? a fraction of a percent between extremes ?
ikea is actually quite shit : d
pitchfork is too good for this guy , grab a rubber band and blunt knife !
i fish every summer at the summer cabin , and i ' ve gotten a hook in my ear , and one in my neck in my fishing career : p
sure they do something . they make a good start to a small power - wheelie .
man try to check the hardware temperature when u playing league and other games .
not blue black ? : p
when you make a cup of coffee the difference between an acceptable lever of a service and the best level of service is marginal , it ' s fucking coffee .
i like that he an arm trapped to keep it legal . this kid ' s good .
who was the boxer ? who was the kung fu guy ?
you should come visit indonesia . even though the cops and government is corrupted as fuck , people there are so friendly ! do n ' t hate the whole country just because of the government !
you know after a year you can just cancel and get the promotional price again ? or even just threaten to cancel and they ' ll drop it .
i have no idea what you ' re saying . i refuted literally everything you said in the last comment .
the op is supposed to be in his ta class , they ' re leaving their assigned class to go to another class . definitely within the principle ' s rights to enforce .
haha ok when i do it , i mean it as a joke because it ' s my understanding if someone sells something to you at a low price , well then that ' s their problem .
thanks for the info .
i suck at reading body language . so i let them initiate , and mostly react . i might be less spontaneous that way , but being spontaneous with me is probably not a good idea , for sex .
if we beat them in regulation , we got the tie - breaker on them now .
bro , fuck cardio , unless i am fucking your mom . then it ' s ok .
self control is something ya gotta work on , everyone does . i like the pics you added , sexy . like i said just low carb and water you can do it .
especially the part where he made her clean it up , and is annoyed ? that makes me mad .
i have school but my parents are out of the house tomorrow and i ' m already setting up
i think the onion missed it by not having this story be about the dock ellis game .
great , we just recorded it today so it should be up this coming week .
i will tell you this , if you are careful dripping and remove only the top cap , and not the whole barrel , you should be free from any juice getting all over your shit .
my post getting downvoted is a proof , that does n ' t matter if you smokin weed or not : most people are selfish evil fucks that care only for themselves . good luck with life you evil people .
damn forreal ? fuck i hope i can get this resolved as soon as possible . i do n ' t wanna wait that long . good thing i did n ' t fe i guess
i drink 2 shakes before i drink 2 shakes and then i drink 2 more .
sign . as in sign language .
i clear my driveway with my car .
like mine , it ' s crooked , starts off big and shrinks as i run out of space .
we ' d still be able to say no regular season regulation goals by bart in however the fuck many games he ' s played . heh
no : it is designed in the usa and assembled in china but must be accepted by qa in the usa . change usa for korea for korean phones , etc .
they had good chemistry in the prison world . plus they both could use a hook up i think .
a proxy war does n ' t involve direct conflict between two nuclear powers . and they take place in remote locations , not on the doorstep of a nuclear power . this is stupidity .
no they are n ' t . politicians do n ' t care about children either way . they care about voters . this only affects the size of the districts , which are adjusted every ten years .
nice to meet you as well .
i wonder if walking around with my hands raised while wearing sleeveless would attract women ?
dude , nice ! way to make a name for yourself
i ' m really one to talk , if i get off work at 1 i ' ll go for a pint and browse reddit . edit : so in other words i guess you all know where to find me during a nuclear strike .
can mortal men not learn magic or are they called something else ?
thats 400 calories more than mine .
its not about being a fan its about using feats to figure out who would likely win . manhattan has plenty of hype but lacks feats .
i ca n ' t stand having my feet naked . only if it ' s super hot will they come off .
sure , but the only proof that he is wrong right now is an organisation owner with a grudge and a vested interest in the report being discredited .
especially when you talk to the person and mention you ' re stopping to get food right before meeting with them , and then you still do n ' t even ask . who are these people ?
i agree ! you should have a small percent of what she did sell . she should n ' t get off scott free .
i never really thought about a non - elimination this week but if kennedy and ginger are in the bottom , i could definitely see them doing that !
if someone is banging on your door asking for money , chances are they do n ' t give a fuck who you are .
is it worth a watch ?
fuck , i refused to work as a metro driver because of my adhd . in his case i think he should have stopped , even if he wanted it very bad .
that was mine too . my old coach told me to just run track lol
which is why the first thing i did after the patch was going into a custom game , searching for the toggle off that was mentioned and change it .
find someone very trusted who wants to buy , you go first in the transaction .
to each their own . the gold with black leather band is nice .
she should n ' t have to make that choice , because part of getting citizenship is the right to freedom of religious expression . and that ' s a more important loss .
that ' s the diameter of the field , 100 light years in each direction . i need not say that it is a representation of a spherical zone .
where exactly does it say jesus had long hair ? i do n ' t remember that verse .
additionally , the buyer might not be an animator and consequently might need the shop doll .
i ' m watching hat films on my other screen right now !
good to hear . yeah big ben is nice but it ' s time for him to leave .
not a liar , and do n ' t piss in the shower . did so when i was a kid . not sure when i changed my mind on it .
true to size . little bit oversized as that ' s the style .
funnily enough however , the song is by some eastern europeans .
this , a cheater is a person with no ethics , moral or respect for what is fair in life . that makes them a bad person in my book .
steel wool sounds too aggressive . not for the problem at hand , necessarily , but for me trying to fix it . i ' m terrible with surfaces and usually destroy them if i so much as breathe on them .
0 . 1 sex cast point can make the difference between life and a death
why is there a random aerial image of a bunch of vehicles in an army base anyway ? would really love to know the background of how this photo came to be . makes me doubt the story behind it .
i guess the hope of things eventually becoming better made you stick around ?
i just do n ' t know why you even brought it up . it ' s a perfectly decent bit of kit and an entirely different class for an entirely different purpose .
you underestimate how strong individual humans can become . hate to sound cryptic , but once you set out on the path , there are n ' t really any limits .
i had the toes of a 12 - year - old on my right foot right before puberty . and my left .
dear god , what did i just read ?
i strongly differentiate between the two , i can play fps games and all that with normal mouse , but i have to use inverted with flight games . i never could use inverted in fps .
probably a week . i already put the leftovers in the freezer 2 days later because at this point i ' m sick of pulled pork . it ' ll be one mighty fine meal a couple months down the road .
i never said anything about cops lol . there should definitely be a suspension . it was n ' t even a hard slash . not to mention he would n ' t have even felt it because of his shin pad .
ca n ' t really tell which side you ' re talking about there .
theres ur answer : p
how do you feel about funding them , personally ? you seem like an entity to me .
that ' s missing the point . they do n ' t hate hell ' s kitchen , they love it and want to save it .
they wo n ' t break , they work fine . it ' s not holding very much force per motor divided by 4 zip ties per motor .
yep . gsw was even down by 20 and had to take it to overtime . boston i remember at game 1 got double digit lead against cleveland . our series we were always leading whole game .
he was unstoppable in high school .
it ' s almost like they should n ' t have been flying then .
i have not read that book , i would like to know what compelling evidence is in it as i want to be able to compile a list of facts that can be passed out to people .
what type of cigarettes do you smoke ?
i ended up taking a shower and may take another . i just ca n ' t stop the oily feeling .
at least you have taste . i ' d fuck the shit out of burger king . wendy ai n ' t touching this taint .
it ' s free to play , for one .
how did i brag ? i said i was playing it , i call jealous brats here .
entire northern hemisphere . it ' s summer in the southern hemisphere .
i actually really like manhattan . there is n ' t a whole lot to do , but it ' s beautiful , quaint , safe , and the people are incredibly nice .
i love the word obtuse , it is so insulting whilst also making the user look like they are trying too hard .
thanks . i will check it . i do have a bad habit of not checking expiry dates .
i have . the restaurant business is crazy and many work 70 hour weeks , bakers and high quality lunch places have very happy people but in general restaurants are relationship killers .
i got downvoted to hell yesterday in the post match thread for thinking that sami legitimately got hurt , he sold the shit out of me
i have n ' t showered in 2 days . i ' m doing my part .
you dont need much force to clean liquid out of a cup .
meh . being a british colony again could have been cool .
except he got famous for having a good singing voice and singing lady gaga covers in homemade youtube videos . so the kid can sing .
it ca n ' t be secret . australia now have a reason to fuck you up . bad error .
yeah i ' ve heard that nothing is official yet . i have a feeling they will wait to see if supergirl is any good first .
fuck off . it ' s over . go away .
all hollywood movies tax avoid , so yes , he ' s avoided tax knowingly .
i ' d try it if i was you . it ' s a really easy drinking beer , a little on the sweeter side though .
only while the ring lasted . after the ring was destroyed , bilbo began aging normally again , for instance . the same would ' ve been the case for frodo .
i would hire a poor driver and tell them to drive the fuck out of my car . speeding tickets are ducking bullshit
yeah , thirty bucks is n ' t a bad deal .
i live near the capital of country i live in and would never worry about being robbed on public transport .
well , there ' s a lot of stuff spilling into the hudson , so i would n ' t doubt it .
the cool kid thing to do is to attach a zip tie to the follower in some mags , so you can pull down on the spring with your arm .
i love tool , i hate obnoxious tool fan who insist you ca n ' t enjoy them without drug culture .
well , this is true , but the only things i have to take care of myself are beer and setting up some speakers so i ' m able to care about what beers are there .
if the barn is burnt down , how am i going to find it ?
i can live with that .
there is n ' t anything like that . no jungle , no certain type of hero in a specific lane .
idiots on reddit agree , sadly . that was a perfect play by sanchez , nobody saving that .
in the old testament god repeatedly said not to add or take away from his word . and god does not change . so , god still does not want us to add or take away from his word .
it ' s what the neckbeards call girls from anime shows that they jack off to . cringe really .
same with canada . i see these grocery bills and just want to cry . it does n ' t seem real .
do n ' t you think this has gotten a little corn - y ?
but we ' re talking about allergies , why even bring up lactose intolerance ? milk allergies are really common .
posting 15 very similar pictures of the kid in the same spot .
and teams have started to realize that el brings a lot of uefa points for the coefficient . and this matters for the draw . just ask city how they feel about it lol
definitely . lots of fans like higher run scoring environments .
stage names or not , gibbs and lamar are pretty common last names . it ' s not she ' d be changing her last name to doom or something .
do n ' t talk about aussies that way . they defend their honor with crocs and drop bears . nasty business , really .
from the leaks steel gave , he said - ptr so there ' s one leak that goes with this report .
because its pretty evident from that statement that you have absolutely no idea what you ' re talking about .
the boston bombing was about boston though . a city in the us . that actually was us news .
you just need to find the right person . it will help you grow professionally and in life . it ' s too much and you need to to learn to let go .
well , you still need to pay for community college and then the final 2 years of university , and international tuition is expensive . so its cheaper than 4 years of uni but still expensive .
it ' s pretty noisy on the highway . mostly because of the wind . the noisy engine should n ' t stop you from buying it .
she ' s the fur queen . her name is cinnamon .
i ' ve been around a long time and have seen some shit man . they do n ' t care .
next time we meet buddy . for sure .
same on the blue dragon ! haha
it ' s a virgin atlantic plane , and they do name all their planes .
yeah , that ' s what i ' m saying , could n ' t you boil , clamp , drill , place nail , release clamps , boil again , and done . knock down the time from 4 days to 2 .
actually table top games co opted it from stone age cave painting games .
still no answer ? i guess it must take a while for tiny brains .
i ' m thinking the hospital should only charge one supply since we only used 2 due to my mistake
of course it ' s not the uncle that ' s being creepy , the real cringe is the girl having boobs in her picture ! goddamn .
i did n ' t realise not finding them the second time was n ' t the normal way if doing it
well you can be in the water without swimming and not drown . you just have to be in shallow water .
no it is n ' t just shows that you indeed are a sjw and it ' s pathetic . but hey i do n ' t really mind you . it ' s kinda nice to have some muppet following me around .
met my girl on tinder too .
who needs a medical license when you got style ?
sniper and troll almost no way to lose .
nice . this was my first car show of any sort and it was awesome .
not that i can see . the part that screws in to the base seems to be the same length as the occ that screws in . i will have to keep messing with it and see if i can figure something out .
you have to buy it ? it ' s not even free ? why not just bring food from home ?
same here , but i ' d rather have smooth 60 than to sacrifice so many frames for just the hair .
i have faith that tolkien wrote lord of the rings , sure . but i ' m leaving my mind open , you know , just in case some of it ' s not really canon .
he ' s gonna be a darn good rabbit dog . he ' s only 9 months old and jumping and running rabbits like crazy
the cabin to me , looks like something i would expect in a first class airline cabin . not necessarily a bad thing .
no , they made thor a woman .
it ' s not hard to learn basic punches and combos from videos . i ' m not advocating it will make him a pro boxer , but it ' s a good way to get going until he ' s got some money for lessons .
i ' m sorry , i worry what would happen if i did n ' t get a special color before the countdown goes to zero . i was weak !
it ' s hard to hide the fact that there are that many men onboard a vessel .
abe i feel on that one .
i live life to the fullest for sure .
honestly college is n ' t the best time to own a pet . it ' s not that it is n ' t doable , though .
i ' ll be your webcam girl if it gets me some decent coin
never too late ! at the tender age of 26 i feel like the world is my oyster
bank lol no they go to a check cashing place in the middle of the ghetto .
you ' re right chicago public school teachers are the lowest paid in the state . oh wait , they are the highest paid . oops .
there ' s people missing out on queue because they cant be fucked sitting at their computer standing idle , and piss off around their house anyway
given your comment , you sound like a selfish bitch .
why not silver ?
page does not exist now , what did he say ?
yeah he seems fine , and happy . it ' s just a shock to think something with only 90 days under his belt can have better blatter control than someone with 11 , 680 days already billed out .
that assumes that people do n ' t change their political views as they age . also , it ' s worth pointing out that ukip are the third most supported party even among the young .
because lets face it , who would n ' t want to have sex with a bunch of hot vampires .
it all makes sense now , up the trail is a huge hole called punch bowls , they must be making the base at the bottom
emergency dive !
ca n ' t be any worse of a taste than just not being able to play the game
repost ?
it ' s a great piece , i absolutely love it
yeah that efficiency is super important on a trinity that has tons of power strength . without it good luck finding the energy .
and tallahassee is the eighth most populous city . hence the confusion . it ' s just 100k students and the government .
do n ' t come to rural texas ! d :
except he ' s super duper dead unless you ' re talking about going back in time to correct elos mistake so nobody dies at all ?
yes . the outer fabric is a rough , protective fabric , a lot like the stuff book bag straps are made out of . basically its made to protect your skin if you fall off your motorcycle .
so how would i buy a nice car , or clothes or something like that ? how i would buy food , tobacco , alcohol ?
because by default chrome leaves a chunk of itself running at all times . it opened instantly because it really never closed . this is part of the bad behavior of chrome .
i feel you . i have enough cards to make just about every single deck archetype in the game but i ' ve still never gotten past rank 10
i got some fake beats from thailand and they actually sound better than the real deal . i do n ' t mind using them out sometimes . do n ' t judge me please .
agreed . timmy may be gone after this season , and i ' m okay with that . trade him to houston , get our second round pick back , and select a point guard
pretty sure my mom left you after realizing you smelled like donkey balls . it ' s okay , you still got your sister to fuck
ah ! nope sorry . i ' m from liverpool . i use the trains a lot and thought you were on to something then !
they said not a federal felony . also you can be arrest and serve time for less than a felony . example : duis .
weird . but fuck her , that ' s lousy customer service .
do n ' t forget remote play
this is what happens when you give southerners snow .
i ' ll add that you want to tank the boss where the adds come out so they are picked up right away , for the tanks and melee to cleave them down
i feel like if they kept the coat and goggles but modified the lower half so she ' s more tank girl than steampunk than her theme can still fit .
yeah all you gotta do is make loud noises and wave a stick around , look big . unless the cat is starving , then it ' ll come after you no matter what you do .
i ' ll ask him to bring his two - piece .
that ' s not disabling it , just being able to save before you die . you can still screw yourself and save in a place where it ' s impossible not to die .
i think it was his stomach , not his chest . if you really wanted to you could probably shove your hand into someone ' s abdominal cavity , especially if your fingers were mostly bone .
i didnt know that i need to prove something in order for reddit to like it .
tell that to my neighbor with out of state plates parked right behind a police cruiser every night for the last 6 months .
you can also reverse it , holy shit
cool ! invite anyone else that is looking for an active league too !
maybe this is link from smash ? explains all the scars and whatnot . pit ' s arrows go right through you man .
for some reason , when reading that , i counted rabies as a swear word
jesus never had a race in the bible so it ' s a tricky topic . i mean half of his dna was n ' t even human so who knows .
what this person said .
oh be quiet . you clearly did n ' t read what i said . fuck veterans let them all die .
the car was well maintained when i bought it a week ago . i just need to get some new front tires . i will pick those up in a couple of weeks . what else would you recommend that i look out for ?
we graduated in the same class , coincidentally enough . do n ' t remember anyone who was only there senior year , but to be fair i did n ' t really do school that year .
i use this bag inside the mason jar , no smell whatsoever .
now brock is back on the hunt and he ' s angry .
fizz deserved a nerf but anyone who mains midlane has lost the option to play the champion . that is not fair .
party at 4 : 20 ; naps at 5 : 20 .
not sure about paintball , but there are ton of airsoft places here in co like dmz in colorado springs , another field in golden and a few paintball fields in parker
great attitude to have .
i never listen to music with my phone in my pocket so i guess so .
all of them run smooth on my 980 i own now . no stuttering and for drops like before .
that ' s just , like , your opinion , man .
he did age you know , and comedy does get more bitter with age .
yeah i pretty much have to set it so i cant see whole fields of wheat pop in .
that will save you from having to install the closed source game anyway . gotta be safe from all that malware .
this is exactly what i just did earlier . got home from work and pretty much immediately short after . insomnia usually keeps me up , but i got a fair bit of sleep .
you will forever be urinal cake guy to me .
is he an ugly motherfucker ? because i think i ' ve seen him at my house too .
that does n ' t make the watch any less golden .
i always start off thinking i wo n ' t care . i ' ve done tons of crap like that . after the video i always want to suit up . thanks for sharing !
yep . i ' ve almost never heard of a big win from someone unless they play very often . typically lose way more than they win . you just only hear about the wins .
no . the nolan films are in a different universe . affleck ' s batman has no connection with bale ' s batman .
you say that like it ' s a bad thing .
wrong . corporations pay for and vote them in . the first step to fixing it is realizing this instead of living in fantasy pretend land and pretending it does n ' t exist .
is it due to a lack of initiative ? or is it because you just have difficulties in interacting with the opposite gender when intimacy is a part of the equation ?
you would n ' t happen to be a chemistry teacher trying to pay for cancer treatments , would you ?
nope , i ' ve got ten . after we ' re done , i ' ll head to your town then so i can try to bring katie .
a real human bean .
most bugs have an underlying cause . knowing the cause helps developers fix it and players avoid it .
i ' ll admit , that made me laugh .
i ' m saying that who the person is determines how dangerous they are , not the weapon they ' re holding .
no , it is n ' t . he did n ' t jump ship , and dayz is still going strong with his vision .
simple , do n ' t call no - name rappers wack over the internet .
state of that fucking haircut mate , little crown ass shit .
it ' s not the end of the world though . a good finish in summer still leaves the door open for them to go to worlds .
what ? i ca n ' t hear you over my ear plugs . a little louder now .
we got the experience and skill to do it for sure , the ducks are damn good though i ' ll give them that .
it ' s pathetic . life is hard and bad things happen , but that ' s no reason to live in a bubble .
his head was big . derp .
mind you , they do n ' t feel exactly the same , but similar nonetheless .
christ , really ? shit got blown so out of proportion
it looks like that , but i ' m struggling to see how you use a weapon if that is the case .
oops - i ca n ' t change it . i ' ll keep it in mind for next time , though .
if by playing the game you mean grinding roc strikes over and over again , then no , i do n ' t enjoy playing the game .
i agree and can understand the reasoning . i would rather welcome stacking of the planetary materials by higher number than 200
only problem would be drunk drivers somehow still managing to get on the track . do n ' t ask me how , but they ' d pull it off .
i never accepted doug ' s death . it all worked out . tbh - i did n ' t even consider that it might have been doug ' s funeral . thanks for pointing that out .
currently my favorite player . right now him and tex the only guys who you can really count on in a big spot .
thanks ! i always hope that people can change , it ' s the only way that we can keep more kids from going through the same thing .
i mean the service provider he buys from is operating high quality machines .
ok seems i underestimated how aggressive sf parking laws are . this is the first i ' ve heard of the 72 hour rule .
mechanical engineering has a reception at 10 : 30
nah fam black girls still doing it best edit : wow i did n ' t think i was saying anything out of line
the way you said this made me imagine their prototypes for rocket ships as little model rockets that a 9 year old would play with .
yes . the camera would have to be a lot faster and have a much wider range of motion for it to be otherwise .
and that ' s patently false . i was a huge metal head for 5 years and i ' ve almost entirely grown out of it . the gym is pretty much the only place i still listen to metal
it ' s not that you ' re wrong but that you are too right
how was ty a zone db ? did n ' t he always shut down marvin harrison in man coverage ?
canada do want their money though , that ' s how they get there the first place . they will be deported once they finish spending their funds .
depends on the receiving school - some have 10 - year limits , others do n ' t .
never seen one either . just making a bad joke . my sis in law lives in oxford . she was talking about how much of a mess it was causing . just plain weird .
well done , hope it goes well .
oh i know , it ' s just so hard to play like he does without the inevitable touch fouls . we ' ve seen it for a few years with bradley too .
god i hate people like you on reddit . this is why i do n ' t use this site more often
27 to 19 just in the last hour or so - thanks man : d
froggen is a far better player , but hai is a way better shot caller . c9 fans calling for hai to be replaced might regret that when the team looks lost without him .
this is the correct answer . pay the man , but fuck his legacy . put him 3rd on the depth chart and make him inactive . end his career .
you need five players to start playing . but yeah !
thanks i will ! i followed your complete guide but with a few changes . thank you for the site and the hard work you put into this sub
coffee was n ' t the best ba coffee stout i ' d ever had , but it was better than a lot of them out there , that ' s for sure . i ' d take the standard mp or the ba mp over dl any day .
no , you need a blue one for personal travel .
it might not even be a real bike in any sense , it could have been rendered in a 3d program like blender . if this started with a real bike , i have no clue what it is as i do n ' t ride .
discipline comes with experience , our team is young . i agree with you , but ca n ' t have cake and eat it to .
nevermind i just checked , the hour long recording was 8gb each 15 minute segment was only 2gb
watch vod , watch replay and many practice !
yeah , models make a ton of money .
i did give critique by saying that the designs of the monsters are horrible in comparison to the main series . that is critique .
you know he has had a shit ton of success with different teams using different playstyles ? you know ty corbin is the kings coach now ?
i highly doubt that the fire was oxygen starved with the wind speeds at that height . the black smoke can be caused by chemical reactions of certain things burning .
by your definition , no one on earth has freedom of speech . is that what you ' re trying to say ?
white people did n ' t invent wearing blue jeans . and you ' re an idiot .
a friendly reminder : do n ' t keep notes to self and all of my encryption keys and sketchy bookmarks on my desktop .
well shit , atlanta is the fertile ground for future canadian teams .
thanks ! i ' m oddly enjoying painting yellow . the citadel yellow range goes on very nicely .
op may have died after running out if organs to shit , based on these comments .
my close friends and immediate family . she is n ' t leaving my much of a choice , i may be many things but a sexual predator is not one of them .
sport is n ' t fair . the better teams win more . harden up .
no . the short answer is no . it blows , but also look at the number of people this is touching in just this thread alone . maybe it will inspire someone to do amazing things ?
exact same way , and you always think the next project will be the one that ' ll work out .
i never leave my house when i ' m not at work and i avoid pretty much all outside human contact . so really i live like a fucking caveman .
yolo can go fuck itself as yolo is an acronym .
that ' s a good song . i was recently introduced to radiohead and i like them a lot . definitely depressing though .
i do n ' t mean the shield , i meant the armor . now that i ' m rereading your comment i realize i misunderstood the context . : backs out slowly :
i play as a utility jungler , so i would max w then e . w gives you great dives early and e helps a little bit with dragon . in lane i would max q , but not in the jungle .
it ' s common in video games where you are given a grade based on your score . maybe it ' s a japanese thing ? seems to be mainly japanese games i ' ve seen it in .
since when ca n ' t kids play outside ? i know i did . i walked to school when i was in first grade .
yeah weekends are impossible lol i had my spring break earlier int eh year though : s
it ' s been going on for months - i want to say since october at least . wave 1 and the gamecube controller adapters are almost certainly affected as well .
hey man why so harsh ? it was an accident , he dropped the gas and did n ' t notice it
courage was freaking awful . it used to be on just before my bedtime and it was the only cartoon ever on at 9pm . fuck that shit .
being super agent assassin taking out bad guys left and right is n ' t a power fantasy . right .
did something happen that i was unaware of ? i thought you were a good addition .
i ' d assume it ' s a career pro . why else would it be cropped where we ca n ' t see his name , age , and overall ?
lol . is that really a thing ?
yeah , it ' s possible to double pull if you kill all the jungle creeps right before the timer hits : 00 and lane creeps are still in the camp .
yep thanks just using an istick 50w . i might play with wicking see if i can get better results .
yes . he also missed a couple weeks mid season last year .
i do n ' t like bitcoin , but the obvious difference is that banks ca n ' t print arbitrarily large quantities of it .
some of us know how to stay on our toes . you ' re welcome to come for a lesson . first one ' s free .
there are two different terms for that card depending on which edition of the game you get . the more common edition names that card the prince .
i keep waiting for that to stream on netflix ! i ' m a sucker for a high action sequences to movie time ratio
maybe he can use his bitcoins to kill people who mess with him in prison ? what is the exchange rate of btc to honey buns ?
if you ' re in scotland , it ' s just raining . there are no seasons , just rain .
get a room , you two !
no ocd in that family .
man dota 2 is so much better d : i fucking miss it .
do the shortcuts always work ?
and because he tended to stay really private about his personal life for years . but yeah that ' s pretty much it . it ' s really stupid .
let ' s them know people are excited for that game at least .
game of war is just a shitty video you watch for extra coins . coc is where it ' s at .
ok bald asshole , whatever you say . you ' re clearly a ladies man .
i find their bagels ok , but not outstanding .
not being director was actually in the season 1 finale of agents of shield . he asks coulson to be director and gives him the black box .
but the slots are on the left side , this is showing the left side . ninja edit
it might if the people stirring up shit are really fucking stupid so , yeah i guess
they were in a taxi - the seat belts might have been stuck under the seats and it ' s legal to ride in the back of a taxi without a seat belt . it ' s a bad idea but a lot of people do it .
should n ' t the price of items being bought drop as well ?
is that really costly ? i do n ' t know too much about cars really . but yeah , lowered cars are not that fun
sell dollar calculators for 10 payments of 14 dollars outside rent a center . profit !
how long do you think it would take you to pay that 50k off ? and what do you think about 45k debt after 6 years in school . is that too much ?
no tax on public service forgiveness .
i just did . i do n ' t if they will show up because i did n ' t have them activated before but i only streamed this once . edit : getting on to stream for a while now !
it ' s harder to take bricks out and put new ones in but they also probably just had grounds crew do it rather than pro brick layers .
oh , you ' re from memphis ! i ' m moving there this summer , haha . i suppose we ' ll both have to see . i need a place to repair my car and bike when needed .
i thought hobby lobby lost ? does that mean that all companies are not considered to be people or only when it applies to religious freedom ?
rush has been big fans for a long time . alex followed them for some time , then got invited to do the solo on one of their songs .
they take no pride in their appearance at all . why should their dress be any different .
i think he ' s pissed that she threw such a weak punch and still knocked someone out , when he has to work so much harder for a k . o .
he ca n ' t leave unless the warriors do n ' t want him .
same here man . i ' m getting year 7 school flashbacks .
did n ' t he also give a lecture at mit ?
we have comedy gold right here , you sir made my day .
yes , its part of your probation . after you paid your debt to society , your free to get new plate .
alright , gonna holler real loud next time i drive by
drinking a michigan beer deserves an upvote , cheers !
this is my point - why pay for saints when they look the same after 2 weeks .
guess who got them ? black females ! the number one killer of black children , according to this person , is black females .
i could imagine . i do n ' t play edh much anymore but i definitely want to try this .
you were done a long time ago .
before is was better . but i really like how is going this season though , it ' s taking a good direction , we see more diversity and more tactics
considering he was talking about big cars , i ' d say he ' s talking about lane width
is old crow worse than old crow reserve ? because that one made a fine manhattan the other night , with the bourbon rather strong in the mix .
if you are a business you should have the freedom to fire .
haha that ' s true . i ' m just waiting for the next flash sale .
is forty strength insanely high ? as that what i have and the great club is weaker .
of course . but to say that anything takes the risk out of gambling is disingenuous . gambling is by it ' s nature extremely risky .
says the person sitting behind their keyboard .
really ? huh , til . what sorts of companies do that ? professional clearance managing firms ?
i share lots of superhero shit with the arrow and flash subreddits , even if it ' s hardly related .
human beings are a lot less durable than superman .
right click on desktop , then view , then un check auto align
just speaking in general regarding the remarks made today . if it were genuine concern , i ' d certainly understand .
oh . aka manners .
if you insist bro , your choice to sell it or not .
i would n ' t read too much into the summit problems due to the ddos issues and playing with a standin , though the visa issue is big .
it leads to the secret room where elon keeps his my little pony merchandise .
what ? your best friend keeps dying and the universe is literally collapsing on itself . why do n ' t you want to pick who you will go to the dance with ?
and it used to be the best . now its so shit .
once i learned the joy of the work shit i really felt like i was entering a new world .
you , my friend , are going to be a dead man
dude ! some beers would be great right about now .
risky bc did n ' t want to read about more dead animals . ca n ' t tell that from the url . internet 102 .
same here , i think valve should show what game it is from to be honest .
well i guess even this pre - made fresh avocado dip is probably unavailable there too , as it has a very short shelf life . what a pity , guacamole is the best
by giving criminals preferential treatment ? i did n ' t know asking for equal protection under the law was terrorism , i thought it was our constitution .
it sounds like it almost could be the same person .
me too . i thought the meat pucks were poorly formed wax pucks .
you hit the nail on the head . riding a motorcycle angry or impatient is a great way to end up in a crash really fast . riding both angry and impatient and you are a danger .
why does the republican part matter ! simply put this guy is insecure , but why stereotype it by adding a label
i did n ' t want actual idiots sending me money i ' d feel bad .
it ' s my divine right as a non shield noob to cast judgement on the slobs that take up shields and destroy them .
yes , you need eye of the north to unlock stuff at the hom in gw1 .
looks like there is no way to turn that to hit that tiny sink .
damn you and your thought out logic .
no , it ' s an independent gaming store in the uk .
yes , but its not considered postseason .
more often than not , your grocery store sushi has been frozen for this exact reason . temperature control is utilized everywhere .
you train firefighters to fall through roofs ?
and is one of the best competitive eaters around , no ? i ' d feel no shame .
that ' s what not reading does
those ties are really just tamper seals and can easily be broken . they ' re just there to keep the pin from falling out and show if the extinguisher may have been used .
possibly , but i would n ' t bank on it . they ' ve done one - time restores in the past for that sort of thing .
it was a joke referencing the fact that he did not read the subreddit rules .
i ' m pretty sure he ' ll try to kill me if i tried that . he just likes his head massages to help his naps .
because i need to go to work and my living space is already tiny as shit .
watching film .
well , i had a large pile of games on the mech drives , so i hoped to speed them all up with a cache . currently , the os is on the ssd
i think that putting on shows like how it ' s made always work the best when i ' m sick , i do n ' t know why .
that ' s one game from the series i have never actually played . but it ' s a valid point because
supposedly , they were listed as supporters of the promotion . at least , they were when i purchased the item .
it ' s common to think the things you create are awesome . according to me my cooking is amazing .
you might be right . i ' m not saying chip has proven himself to be incompetent . i ' m just saying his system might not work with his new players either . we will see
did n ' t read the sub other then seeing if it was real . my wife works for walmart , and i know they have a sub so figured hd did too .
more like east and west europe .
why would they issue a statement of explanation ?
can confirm cavani is a beast in this game . he would score at time 60 goals per season
people always say this . the movie drops a line that the base is made up of ice and steel . it is the weight of the steel that beings the whole thing down .
haha shut that shit down fast .
handgun hunting and silhouette shooting .
the only issue is that it ' s a computer . there are very rare cases where using one app or feature means you ' re using it exclusively . i ' m not just using spotlight when i use spotlight
thanks ! i guess i ' ll use the leggings for the gym then .
but in actuality , unless he starts eating mcdonalds every day or something the peds have a massively greater affect negatively on his health than any diet could
i was thinking the d1 teams , but if you want to do a club write up i would definitely be into it
its okay buddy , i feel the same way , you alright ?
it ' s coming back with the house of wolves
the vaccination team or the ones who shot at them ?
i see a lot of transphobia within the lgb community in all sorts of places . it ' s pretty depressing .
perl script . i will make a post about how i did it in the next 24 hours , but i ' m a bit busy right now .
after watching that i was trying to think of any reason or point this movie was made . the only moral of the story is dont mess with the mexican cartels duh .
for protection , obviously .
any other game types we can try ?
i ' m fairly confident it was the black tights with hbk on the side , like he was trying to be less heartbreak kid and more hbk
but worth every minute , imo . it ' s not about getting there , it ' s about the journey . if you want a short trip , take a plane . if you want to relax and unwind , take a train .
it sounds too good to work . but i will give it a shot .
yeah there ' s no reason for it . this would have been the ideal game to have him come in and get some low - risk playing time to get used to our squad .
my friends wanted me to be bane for halloween . very original , i know , but it worked out a lot better than i thought .
gold mario came separate with new content for in game use . has yet to be seen with the fe . i ' d also imagine if they did a release like that , it would be quite limited .
blame youtube for shit rendering .
seriously can we get a new thread started with a better title ? ruins the flow of discussion and op gets clickbait karma
i do n ' t want advice on whether or not i should leave him . i want advice on whether or not i should confront him and how i would confront him .
wait , young mike is old ?
he ' s making friends ! - ref
i ' ve never really been able to win as a lone wolf , so i tip my hat to you ! i can do alright in fireteam of about 3 , i tend to find the more the better though !
this is only a presentation of wave 1 . if you think sheik is rare and yoshi and kirby are common , message the moderators .
yeah , i ' m not a big fan of it either , but it looks so similiar to the modern concept that it ' s unlikely they ' ll release another mask with almost the same design .
i do n ' t think that would work well . a bolt goes through the ceiling , into a support beam in the attic . it ' s held up to my husband and i jumping onto the ring at the same time .
the prestige is excellent , it ' s nice to see what nolan can do when he ' s not just focusing on the technical side of direction .
zaza scares me because i ' m not sure how the bucks will play if golden state goes small . maybe someone more familiar with them can answer that .
oh , absolutely . the punishments make absolutely no sense .
both his father and grandfather were admirals in the navy .
themed contests would be sick would be awesome to see everyone ' s own interpretation : d
you can tell they are trying to make it hard for him , the pretty much undermine everything he says .
do n ' t stop ! that ' s the trick , you need to put alcohol in everything , coffee , cereals , sandwiches , etc .
idk i clog the toilet every time i take a shit and need toilet paper when i pee to wipe piss off the seat . maybe that ' s just me .
is it safe for swag bucks ? i ' ve used it with perk fine but i do n ' t want to get banned off sb
imagine a dude who occasionally likes to wear a dress in his own home . what possible negative does that have and why would you even want to treat it ?
yeah he ' s right . there are actually some differences between the nl shadow partner vs the nw dark servant , this being one of them .
stop trying to make shit happen , it ' s not going to happen !
that was the one under the grill . the nasty patty is what they gave the health inspector
it american gangster - ed it . unnecessary plots that made the movie about 20 - 30 minutes longer than it should ' ve been .
oh well that ' s good to hear ! but like i said , probably a glitch or just game corruption , i ' m not entirely sure either , but usually once your game is corrupted it tends to do crazy things
same guy .
ya i guess lol . just wait till you watch him play you ' ll be as frustrated as us jets fans have been with him . but bogo is a pretty nice defence man to have .
well then there ' s nothing wrong with that . but the original person was saying he hated all animals , and i think that is a valid reason for not staying with someone .
these people really believe that everyone who dislikes niggers is a fucking toothless hillbilly . they ' re in for a rude awakening .
lol good sarcasm . i have been on reddit over a couple years with no gold or that cake stuff . still barely know how it works . i just comment shit
i know i ' d be worse at sports . i can sometimes get a few questions right on regular one . but i know nothing about most sports . i just got to do this because boyfriend worked on crew for it .
i flew northeast on southwest once . it was fucking exhilarating .
no wind . power kites 4 lyfe
i weigh everything i eat . it adds like 3 minutes of food prep a day max .
so using the combination of our totally non - medical opinions , end of april sounds reasonable if the break is clean .
stronger maybe in man - power . even with their law enforcement status , their arsenal is only above that of a civilian , and much lower than that of an actual military .
heard it here first folks ! capitalism won ! the human race is done evolving ! we will just do this forever now cause it ' s the best we ' ve done so far , no need to improve anything
flimsy sounds cool . need something for rectangle , jelly , stubborn and twins !
haha absolutely ! if there is anything specific you ' d like in line form just pm me and i ' ll do it for you !
and in a very slim design . give me a thicker and more usable phone .
i only let my prejudice dictate how i judge others . my cultures and traditions and daily lifestyle are of my own choosing .
got it on a fortune cookie at the super chinese buffet . i played soccer in high school
i never bet for my team . superstitions
you ' re lying , please god tell me you ' re lying . thats a new low
you can actually edit your post and not just make a comment saying edit .
they ' ve must ' ve been tilted since the techies pick from secret .
wish i ' d read the comments before i clicked the link at work . thanks for trying though buddy .
yes because that is as bad as people who plot to murder people . yep , saving people from going to the streets to get there drugs is equal to planning , stalking and then murdering a victim .
i do n ' t care whether the cheats work or not by final release .
i do n ' t remember posting this , laugh .
wait who has hair on their butt cheeks ? i thought hair was confined to the crack and hole type area
just the leek is sharp swap . the rest i spent almost all of my money on .
depending on your grade and computer skills , this may make the test way more difficult .
whoa , whoa , whoa there . did you just call robin hood : prince of thieves a bad movie ?
he actually cannot go too long without sex or he ' ll die - so i was expecting he ' d shrug , walk in , and get on with it . disappointed .
which is understandable . new vegas is so different from all the other bethesda games . i typically find that people who like fallout 3 dislike new vegas but like skyrim .
i hope we fucking smash his arm off ! nothing against you i just really enjoy seeing us win and want it to keep happening !
yeah . i do n ' t really see how this is as terrible as everyone says . total dick move but i can imagine it even really hurt all of that much .
if you ' re using an smg to make this range effective , you ' re doing it wrong .
it looks amazing in direct light and definitely better than the picture . i really wanted the orange on black , but they do n ' t have it with the new models .
ah , i ' m in the lab so had no sound , but i definitely felt pumped up .
doubt it . just another person pulling something out of his ass for 15 minutes of fame .
uh , on second thought , actually i do n ' t think you can . you could probably make a decent guess based on post history , though .
i know in my case i waited refreshing the nfl shop for a couple days so i could buy my suh jersey as soon as possible . a month and a half later it shipped
the history of the word ? there ' s just a stigma about white people saying it . he can easily not say it .
new horizons is going to get blame his lack of awareness and blatant tunnel vision on lag , typical .
they released the premiere without the elimination a week early , then subsequent weeks it was just the first ten minutes .
it ' s mostly the voice for me . i guess now he ' s mature he sound like a cockney jason statham .
not sure if you ' re trying to argue my point , or agree with it by pointing out the specific reason .
the dashboard is n ' t all that accurate . it just keeps track of how long you ' ve had the game open , not time spent playing in matches like mcc does .
no , but it makes for some great tv .
he ' d have to sign a contract to be sold cause as of right now he ' s leaving on a free in the summer .
i know . i just said that is is a big risk that might not end well .
i got a email from them saying that they noticed i did miss items and that they will mail me soon regarding a fix . got the mail 15 hours ago .
what did n ' t you like about it ? i ' ve seen kanye perform a few times and they ' re easily the best concerts i ' ve ever been to .
its great to chase down slark and puck but you should 2 points in stun anyway vs those heroes , might skip it tho if u rush blink depends .
also , he ' s form was n ' t good lately . you ca n ' t ignore that
oh so would i , but having all stats rolled in plain view of the table removes any possibility that less than legit rolls were made .
it ' s worked that way since before dating apps were a thing . women always choose , because nearly every dick is available .
gotta build the hype though , gotta give u that teaser
just frustrated . sorry man . gg
i have two gear slots with ink saver and i rarely run out before needing to take a dive anyways . it ' s worth taking a look into .
oh the games are fine . it ' s how they run their kickstarter campaigns that ' s atrocious . i ' m not saying i ' ll never buy a game they publish again , just that if i do it ' ll be at retail .
they ' re like , the actual sea floor . 15 points behind toronto is next level suck .
let ' s be real . she was stalked by a crazy person who pretty woman ' ed her . ray creeps me out . he has since minute one .
as i recall only the new sets are confirmed to be non - seasonal , they ' re still deciding on the legendaries . part of the testing i think will be to see what ' s suitable to be season only .
i never did watch soul eater i only read the manga . but from what i hear the anime did it much different and the manga ended better . i at least was pleased with how it turned out .
to be basket interference the ball has to be on the rim or passing through , or the rim has to move . neither of these things were happening .
yeah my comment lacked context but i was just trying to prove that brady was n ' t some type of savior . i feel like they looked better the year he came back anyway on both sides of the ball .
my experience is that nationally , geography is not really important west of the mississippi .
patrick ' s stupid act lets him get away with anything . it ' s the perfect crime .
i would hope i guy walking around with three bricks has money stashed away for an attorney . but maybe i am too much of a planner to be a major drug dealer .
i would be . those books are creepy and terribly written . i remember my mom and sister read those and i was like i can get you much better bdsm erotica for free on the internet .
i bet they ' ll try dunleavy on him a little , just to give jimmy a break so he can have something left on the offensive end because you know he ' s going to play 44 mpg
born and raised in southern nb , was a sens fan growing up , just happen to live in ottawa now . happy coincidence .
they did this a few years ago as well before we had a team in wilmington . it sounds like the tfc ii game will be right after and your original tfc ticket will be good for both .
if i was losing weight at the rate i am for 1 . 5 years i would be dead .
that ' s some pretty awesome expansion then ! man impressive
fair point ! it still seems like a ridiculous amount to me either way .
and is she a lady boy ?
the characters didnt bother me but they also werent my favorite . i mainly loved it for combat and the art style with limbo was great to me
this was our fault . we left an unopened bag of dog food on a chair and left for work . we typically dump the food in a can with a lid that he ca n ' t get to .
wiz has released some duds recently but him and mac miller have done a lot to make pittsburgh matter in music recently .
i have a feeling op is playing this game wrong in a number of ways .
you might be surprised . the music business is pretty harsh on new acts now days . especially if they do n ' t have good representation when they sign on .
because stealth is hard and i ca n ' t stealth anything other than four stores on normal even when i have 3 detection : p but point taken
can you give some examples ?
i will keep that in mind for next time .
i mean , it ' s not like there ' s people who do n ' t want it changed but it does take dev time to change and that time has to come from somewhere . kinda makes sense to poll it
if rdas had only two posts they would have to have massive post holes . that takes away a lot of creative coil options
i believe the spec - 02 is blue themed , with the spec - 03 being orange .
i realy hope we get the dazzle camouflage . could get funny
they should change the rules to polish roulette , where you play with a fully loaded gun .
a gay furry man if i ' m also not mistaken .
why , is his blood a different color every time he has an accident ? : p
well no shit , you guys just made a 7 person alliance together .
i know that feel . my boyfriend has to force me to relax because i ' ll just curl up in a ball . his facial hair is itchy ; n ;
i do but i have no money right now , do you take payment plans .
yep - there ' s a whole bit on her fupa not letting her maintain proper posture , so the wind resistance is going to be insane . her own body is oppressing her , for god ' s sake .
if you drink a few of those bottles you ' ll think you ' re a goat .
would an oxygen explosion detonate a nuclear payload ?
i thought it might have been . an admittedly very quick google search turned up articles she wrote and tournament results , but nothing about a job at wizards . thanks for confirming !
if he receives life without parole , he may not even show up . the 6 month sentence for not showing up to court means nothing to him at that point .
i get the same thing because i have long hair . and it ' s almost annoying because almost everyone but me smokes weed .
you ' re not weird , you ' re a normal player who appreciates the game !
interior ol blocking keeps the qb pocket together and opens up inside runs .
i begin doing volunteer work to help better my community with the skills i obtained . how is my etsy shop doing ? can i quit my job yet so i can contribute more ?
probably not powerful enough . the galaxy warp looked like it was in the middle of the ocean .
you ' re probably right about that . i ' m just disappointed because i was looking forward to those movies a lot more than another iteration of spider - man .
not quite . the prosecutor has to prove that you killed the person , then it ' s on you to show that it was self defense
remote triggered flash with a gel ?
common with girls with the kind of legs and butt she has . have to buy a size or so bigger just to get them over all of it . glorious problem to have .
that ' s what i thought they meant too . poor squirrel ' s life is sacrificed for a prank .
thank you ! i have some dark reds like mac viva glam 1
i understand that . but the photo became public somehow , right ? i wonder how . i do n ' t care if he gave permission , i mean , that ' s fine . if he did n ' t though , that ' s something else .
even if the cold war began , it ' s not like cuba really has any power or military to make a difference one way or another .
no surprise you sold out . nice to see you have a presence now on reddit . such an under appreciated vendor .
i ' m thinking a parlay of lightning , rangers , and some other team .
what color options were available ? gonna have to check out my grocery store tomorrow !
where have you been all my life ?
or , we could consider schools in china where some of the best students in the world are taught .
kirk cameron was sitting next to him smiling like an idiot . but it was ray who actually says everything .
i ' ve honestly never been able to keep a journal , i physically loathe writing . it hurts my hands , which is funny because i ' m an artist . but i will definitely look into therapy .
yeah ! as if he remembers exactly what he spent to the fucking cent . you can tell he put the cents in just to make it seem more legit but it made it even more obvious .
professionalism , on a subreddit dedicated to thinking up weird and wonderful theories about a fiction book ? this is n ' t a job
you are clearly not familiar with swype input . if you read the context and put pay in place of play , it would n ' t make sense , where play clearly would . it was an obv mistake .
i ' d take him in a 1v1 over any other keeper in the league .
as long as it is consensual , no problemo
i live in chicago . i do not think the weather is a factor .
its been warm and the snow has started to melt . but still cold in canada
i am forced into a domestic partnership by no one , much less a furry feline !
if we were all forced to serve , the educational system would be forced to change for the better . a positive bi - product .
i would say keep the 4 set stone bonus , and go for 3 obsidian pieces , helm , chest , and either pants or gloves . that ' s what i ' m doing at least .
well considering that is n ' t what happened in this case i do n ' t see your point .
as if already having them hang down exposed and vulnerable was n ' t bad enough .
god works are in codes .
thanks we have lots of fun . marvel cosmic and infinity gauntlet may be the way to go .
wiz ca n ' t have 2 john walls no fair
oh yes there are plenty . i run into them every time i post about how we should teach gun safety in schools .
how would money make someone write faster ? is he supposed to spend it on meth ?
the hundreds of lawyers hbo hired for the scientology movie will now have something else to do .
why do you presume capitalism is inherently unlawful ? is china not communist and struggling ?
i meant in aesthetic equivalency . i know butt cleavage is a thing .
no . there is 2 parts . first part has 12 episodes .
blatt have been controlling jr pretty well so far . games where he have been cold he sat most of the time .
at least one more year haha .
razor kit is useless on the trail and pointless ounces .
wash smoker ' s curtains and make ghetto e - juice . it sounds like a perfect money making scheme for frank and charlie .
yeah manufacturer stores seem like the easiest but not always the cheapest .
exactly . the gpu is virtually identical .
we also have canucks , flames , oilers , jets , maple leafs and canadiens .
ok i know you said sports are n ' t your thing but did you go to any football games in columbia ? you really should go to at least one with an open mind . sec football is worth seeing at least once
not that amazing actually . it ' s just like the similar flood myths . people come up with similar ideas to each other to explain the world around them .
i ' m a bad girl and i eat chocolate - dipped potato chips on cramp day . om - nom - nom
this video was in the context of hiring for projects , i assumed your response to the video would be in the same context . my bad for assuming .
really ? i know reynad gets salty and does longer delays sometimes . either way , i guess they ' re not counting on every single opponent being able to recognize them and beat them .
well its not really a public repository , mainly used for research at my work group
this is not what the problem is , the problem is that there are so many people unaware of good music , and the musicians who are good do n ' t get due credit .
because bad people want to blame others for their shitty gameplay .
logan has plenty of extra space to put the snow , and plenty of money to pay for prompt removal . as long as it is n ' t snowing , logan should be fine . source : just guessing .
that ' s a good idea . my gf just kept her insurance proof in the car .
t - mac was one of the best guards in the world and he did n ' t have a great work ethic
if anything i would think it is a disadvantage to have to look at a different screen to see your map , rather than just having everything on one screen
well put my friend . one man cannot simply understand how the world is put together , through a human life on earth .
squirrels do not carry rabies . there is absolutely no risk of contracting rabies from a squirrel . if they contract rabies , they die before they can transmit the disease .
damn , you win .
it ' s in the sidebar under marketplace list
even amateur league 5 a side soccer has a referee . why should n ' t amateur ranked have one ?
cueto was out of it . go post somewhere else .
this is life . you can open some doors , but that will close others . this is true for every choice we make . it does n ' t help to overthink it , just go for whatever you want the most
they also price match amazon and a lot of other major retailers . i really like best buy these days .
if it was a guy posting this there would be a lynch mob . funny how that works .
ohh crap , i might of picked it up without thinking , i got so excited at the infinite chest !
it probably is . it ' s really boring having the exact same car as everyone else , though .
australia ? new zealand ?
i think those items make them certainly a bit more utility based , but i do n ' t think they could make it so they go full support .
so did i as a teenager . until my asshole friend got super pissed off i whipped his as in eternal champions cd that he knocked over a pop spilling it into the whole thing and ruining it .
i do n ' t remember what season , but krepo played anivia and froggen played blitzcrank . i ' m pretty sure it was a game that meant nothing as far as standings go , but i could be wrong .
woof : 3
it helps when those your ' e compared against are n ' t playing with a full deck , and seem quite happy doing so .
xbox one . i ' m pretty decent in pvp , so i ' ll probably try making an effort this week to scoping out some skill to propose a too team .
he did n ' t when it looked like his demise was only weeks if not days away .
i ' m thinking i just have the wrong wire atm . i am going to go shopping for one . i just picked one laying around the house and did n ' t check out the pins . thank you though !
throws his mortar board hat up at graduation , lands on him and knocks him out .
appreciate the feedback the melody is a bit out there .
do you expect op to learn the art of pimping all by himself ?
ugh the morning grind , why is it so hard to get out of bed ?
mine beams my hair first , leaving me bald .
slow day today tbh . i ' m leaving for home in 15 mins anyways .
not very relevant for this case . adnan is not mentally insane . and there have been others here who work with prisoners who have said the majority of prisoners claim they are innocent .
right now i ' m over on the west wide , a ways north of grand rapids , but i ' ll be moving to gr shortly .
in the world cup , nobody remembers the great saves from the goalie . everyone remembers the goals .
huh ? mine is n ' t rooted and i can send any pic as a snap in the chat box . i ' ve had iphone friends send me snaps like that too , screenshots etc
because democracy works based on voting . you still do n ' t have to be part of any particular religion .
rito works in mysterious ways .
i ' m not surprised anymore . and ya we did get swept ! i ' m still happy we made first round ! going to a playoff game was awesome ! especially when there was 15 , 000 people all in white
oh my god , those curls are the best , you heathen ! so much fun to play with that type of hair .
i seriously doubt that private venues are forced to allow anyone to set up camp on their property .
almost billionaire boys club and vanilla ice cream .
cardboard egg carton . fill cups with dryer lint , pour wax into cups , tear off and light as needed . nifty , and basically free - you can melt candle stubs for the wax if you have them .
i usually start picking my nose when i ' m bored . implement booger tracking as well .
sorry , i clicked the link and figured it was one of the other ones where it had most of the stuff scrapped ; no need to be a cunt .
then get a cat .
probably . i ca n ' t think of another game with such big drops . the card keeps a high and consistent frame rate on my other games .
that was the original location . right next the the train tracks . the city has denied that location .
are there any token systems which have actually succeeded in the marketplace ? bitcoin is open for everyone to use , and people keep opting for faux - bitcoin .
thank you for your sympathy . as i am human i also sympathize with you . i wish i had more beer .
but they do n ' t use condoms . why would he put one inside the bag ?
thanks , this thrift store is off the highway so i doubt many people shop their often .
thanks . sorry about the dumb question
why not just post it here ?
yeah . im thinking about it . when i move out of hawaii in a couple years .
i ' ll bet you do , too .
does black clash with white ?
and to think , these crazies actually have significant political power .
i ' m sorry , i did n ' t mean specifically chipotle . i was just using them as an example to give people an idea of what i meant . just think of a pizza ordering app .
blade runner 2 news ?
if only someone thought of being a decent human being before !
they have to abide by their original contacts though . that ' s business 101 .
the sad thing is they do do this . its usually on the side boards where they put ads and the time left in the game
that would be silly if they didnt ! lol i hope so i have a character i messed up on by already having it on that character
the game is obviously not finished and anything can change . yes , that includes the amount of hunger steaks fill .
it gets bad there mate . bundle up and stay safe .
honestly , my main interest was mega man x2 . were you interested in anything for it ?
that dog deserved a cooked steak .
except that this editorial is comedy rather than serious commentary or criticism . hat ' s kinda cheating .
the hold command . usually default h .
hmm maybe i should level up a bit more . the father is kicking my ass .
i prefer to use mercenaries for the first line . if they all die i do n ' t have to pay them anymore . if the unit gets too low i can just disband them , and not pay them anymore .
well , these extension work since 3 . 10 , it is n ' t that unstable .
people develop . with his work ethic , he can do it and is doing it .
the phrase refers to the person its tattooed on , not the anchor . the anchor is relevant imagery to the phrase but not the other way around . it ' s not a difficult concept .
they ' re all free images . or you could look at the source code and get the url , but they ' re only about 1500 pixels wide
seinfeld finale has gone from being hated to being seen in retrospect as the best way to end it .
oh nice ! im in that shopping center all the time !
battlefield . i switched vs m2k because my falco was playing too badly .
i ca n ' t believe you actually think that . truly mind blowing .
it ' s subjectively extraordinary - regardless of the semantics solid proof is required , proof that will stand up to the test .
and it would n ' t be rushed that way . if they did it right , they could probably get a season or more each book depending . i ' d love to see it done right .
ugh , i just keep hoping this means little guy is going to have a kick - ass immune system when hes born .
does n ' t that just increase that sort person ' s resentment of foreigners ? that fact that they ' re everywhere in the city .
why is money such a concern for an ironman ?
he probably had academic scholarships . if he did n ' t have family money and went to cornell , i ' d be shocked if he was n ' t getting some good grants and scholarships .
i actually liked the baron call . they wanted tl to go in on them , ace and win , tl just played that out very well .
i dont watch tv .
yeah , he most likely would have . i ' ve watched him do it to guys that size all season .
last time i went i got there at opening and was n ' t done for several hours . i guess we will have to see how fast we progress but all we really have planned is that . easy going folk .
if i like to fuck like a rabbit when i ' m stoned , what do rabbits fuck like when they ' re stoned ?
haha bit late but would you mind sharing the team you were running when you made this comment ?
sounds good man , thank you . i really appreciate it .
gasp , the speed force is run by comcast !
if you want to have fun , there ' s a whole subreddit for the dresden files . i just started a re - read and am on book 2 .
i do n ' t wipe , and i lose respect for someone if they wipe , but right now , it ' s part of the game .
sweet ! it ' s after 4 : 20 where i live , so i guess i already have a head start .
the guys who work the oil - fields bring in a lot of undesirable elements . like the drugs a lot of them do to keep them going for 18 hour shifts .
i know . i ' m referring more to the fact that rock star has the capability to ban from single player due to their drm .
yes , yes it is . great story , great gameplay , excellent characters , art that still holds up extremely well and an amazing soundtrack .
think happy thoughts . watch the clouds or stars for a bit . pet a cat or a dog . give someone a hug .
they knew that the other scuba divers never made it back , so they sent in a team to retrieve their bodies ! so at least they knew what they were getting into !
how can we be sure darker people will eat the correct foods though ? i was thinking vitamins just to make sure . although vit d is oil soluble and so there ' s the risk of toxicity .
you do n ' t want to watch a human get killed but you willfully eat mutilated and abused cows . kinda weird dichotomy .
being a man who finds men sexually attractive .
4 - 5 per receipt or total across all 3 receipts ? also , is this the same limit for every category ?
it does n ' t have to work every time . it just has to mess up when you need it .
oh come on ! how often do you see a dog being a jerk to a cat ?
yeah . i thought it was a pretty cool idea .
and this is why i love players who represent us in a positive way and play for our city edit : come home ad
concussions are common , but not that common . if you get one a game that ' s a lot .
welcome to life as a blues fan , minus ever winning a cup at all .
you still mad that the king put an end to your franchise ?
i ' m not a trooper , i just work my day like any other person .
i ' ve grown accustomed to bill walton calling our games . i kinda miss him .
seen this game live on azubu , gotta say i have n ' t seen faker so happy in a long time
coke has a short half life so maybe do speed instead ? this way the h will wear off too . honestly the speedball is a dumb combo .
i ' ve never had a sanity buddy before . sure !
yah , please dont post personal information .
dude i do n ' t know what comment thread i jumped into bit you are your own breed
they think humor is more about making people uncomfortable than it is about making people laugh . this is why redditors do n ' t get invited laces .
i appreciate it my friend . best of luck !
sorry , i phrased that poorly . the draft results . like you said that 8 picks have been made thus far . can you show those somewhere ?
pakistan team was better than one days game . still a lot of work to do .
no , emergency crews rescue people and leave the boat behind . saving the lives is the emergency . preserving their property is not .
it dropped today on every cable company video - on - demand menu in the country .
you pay it when you receive your final bill . tmobile will have zero contact with your carrier
again we ' ve come to irony . you may want to google what that word means .
it ' s from your 10 sentence article .
ha ! i always tell people that walking into alabama is like walking into a time warp !
it was a run derby home , man .
yeah i figured as much . oh well . i gotta learn more anyways before i start throwing my money at them .
not a bad guess , but i ' m actually from texas . the mississippi state flair ' s because my dad went there .
michael c . hall and anthony michael hall are the same boy .
pro tip : do n ' t shit your suit . you ca n ' t un - shit a wetsuit .
well i think you should explain things to him tomorrow . he seemed a bit upset about it
thank you . i ' ve fortunately gotten much better since this game , though i still have yet to place really well when using greninja . the character is really tough to play consistently . : p
yeah , last wednesday i wore a suit to school and realized it ' s now a bit big and i got it in october .
we gave him shelter after the great evil benched him .
i remember playing this on the saturn also . it was a very solid port of the game from what i remember . did they port this game to any other console or was it a saturn exclusive ?
work from home .
i ' m happy to learn
dude , nintendo is obscenely wealthy . iirc they could run at a loss for decades before folding . who gives a damn ?
i think the point here would be to make it so online orders always get their product earliest . this would make it much more appealing .
level 2 requires 1800 points edit : level 3 requires 6000
you can parry the giant arrows .
norway is my freaking dream country !
play it by ear . keep it cheeky and keep it fun . practice makes perfect . also it helps to not have them up on a pedestal to begin with . a wink and a nod my man . remember that .
because why not ? when have i ever needed a reason for anything i do ? and actually yes i did ! i ran glass to skywalker then logged off . just so happened to catch this guy afk in a tower .
this made me laugh . i pictured this and started laughing really hard
i ' d prefer to sell it as a bundle .
oh piss off with your high horse . you posted a reply to a joke get over yourself .
i just noticed that mode , i may have to try it , working on new game plus for hard . enemies never drop anything !
they do n ' t seem to care about coming off as racist
have you ever actually worked on a farm or ranch ?
yeah , there was nothing else in the box .
currently slated for april 14 . they added an extra 100 pages when the game was released .
yeah , it ' s the newest part of the series on the 3ds .
this . it sucks that the prime of our life we are stuck in school . if that were n ' t the case i would keep going back to learn shit .
you wo n ' t regret the str . for the money , it is a great stock .
every person that downvoted this post has a really small weiner .
double update : apparently i lied , and it did n ' t actually work out that way , this time . odd .
that makes total sense . i just cant get past the thought that its another mans penis . it just makes me feel uncomfortable for whatever reason . thank you for your input
do n ' t throw him good ones . simple as dat . all outside .
dont play with my heart like that !
fuck the rangers ?
the article stated that the company partnered up with verizon , att , and sprint . i wonder if that means the they ' ll use the network of all those providers .
at the very end , he is escorted to his prison cell in a white outfit and he starts to watch the white - ish wall .
yeah , but was he a candy guy in high school ?
and sometimes whenever i rate someones favorite show a 7 he loses his mind asking why i did n ' t like the show , 7 stands for good does n ' t it , what makes you think i did n ' t like it .
good man !
top 5 organ player for sure .
penis owner here . call me ?
that ' s why i said essentially . while not technically a fork , it is close enough to communicate my point . maybe distro would be a better word to use ?
the bloodbath and nuclear risks of the cold war was greater than the death toll would ' ve been had an immediate allied offensive been founded against russia .
if you are a female , remember to complement the men in your life . not just family and friends , either . men need compliments just as much as women , maybe more , because we never get any .
i ' m stopping at 13 because that ' s where i any to finish with masks . there are a few that are cool , but i do n ' t care past that .
no this really just should n ' t exist in any way , shape , or form .
oh . that ' s a nice clarification . : o how do you feel about this game tho ?
man , that joke was bad . i ' m sorry .
yep , she ' s pretty hot tbh
i ' ve done this and it ' s ended up not being hot enough and basically wasting my dab
ofc , but that ' s why i do n ' t think you can predict how popular archon mode will be by looking at a similar custom map .
or we could just ban tobacco on ships like we banned alcohol . problem solved .
i completely agree . that amount of focus efficiency is beyond insane .
it is their shtick , based on the comments in this thread , it works .
i think in game 2 he made up a play that wasted less than a second and got a lob to deandre jordan who was wide open .
great idea !
i wish , but we talk so much , texting atleast then she ignores me when we hang out
that ' s what you get for having high salaries and an awesome capital city .
just wanted to pop in and say fuck you .
actually their archery stance should be one thing that is not similiar as it was stated in the vn that archer uses western archery while shirou uses japanese iirc .
whatever , as long as you call him a tool .
is it possible to complete the game with the quest log marking every quest complete ?
na they do n ' t exist . fact .
monte ' s tweets are already funny as hell .
there ' s no way you ' re any good at the game if you have to scam people to make coins
wo n ' t work . it ' s socially acceptable to hate nerds . if it was n ' t , gg would have played out differently .
what props can i use ? do you think i can order a human finger on amazon and a screen ?
probably , especially if you have very full lips , it ' s just easier to tell with a big swatch on your face .
well why does n ' t your team just go mid and end ? they do n ' t have to surrender if you guys do n ' t end when your team could probably tower dive their nexus turrets
wow great argument , thanks .
across the board , no it ' s not a stereotype . its a stereotype where i live i guess
hmm , odd . i ' ve activated both windows 7 and server 2008 over the phone several times after they would n ' t activate online . there ' s no end to microsoft ' s licensing complexity though .
you dont have to score as many points if you are playing solid defense .
looks like they typed it on a phone and pressed space while trying to hit period a few times .
if you ' re in a stem major you ' ll never see them . well , unless you have required humanities classes .
which is not op ' s fault or mine . if you want to spend more for political reasons then go ahead . the stores mentioned are not mom and pop operations that i care about the retail model of .
i had a zen vision w . screen was the size of an ipod , battery lasted longer and was replaceable . it also was a small brick and a useful self defense weapon .
from what i ' ve heard and read rewards do n ' t stack . which means you have to poe 3 times per character .
haha , glad i was n ' t the only one that recalled this ! man it really blew up !
thanks man ! good luck with your app !
if you do n ' t like it , feel free to downvote it dude . if the community does n ' t like people posting these reviews , then they ' ll downvote them and people will stop
sure is , with the black beans ? stuff is delicious .
they count for 2016 . i do n ' t think fa signing is really finished before the current year ' s draft .
i thought i remembered reading not too long ago that jeremy signed a contract to go on another few years . also , happy cake day !
true , especially after last winter .
f . lux is great , i did n ' t add it as i felt it ' s pretty mainstream now . i ca n ' t wait until there is an android version .
the fuck is a cat gonna do ? i gots my guns bruh .
at least you can fix that with xposed .
really ? under what statute does traumatic amnesia make one a prohibited person ?
could i technically move in on the 26th ? i ' m flying in , so i do n ' t want to have to fly in for the orientation , fly out , and then fly back in for welcome week
lucky ? if its a save , it isnt luck
saturn and ceres .
i have to say i simply cannot abide the man . his hysterical nonsense commentary adds nothing and takes an enormous amount away , for me . i mostly mute the games he works . he ' s just awful .
makes doc rivers sound like whitney houston .
you ' re right , my brain decided to take some unpaid leave .
on my way my lord .
there ' s plenty of dumb psychopaths , just no one really cares about them because a dumb , violent , anti - social person generally gets caught pretty quickly .
just dig it out a little bit .
damn it . now i feel pain and suffering from remorse . aah the curse turned itself onto me . side question : if you curse does that make you a cursor ?
courtesy and manners is not a zero sum game .
yeah , that ' s about what i remembered from his time at the bills .
i lean against it with my hand .
serious question , how did you come up with that statement
i ' m less concerned by that than releasing something that breaks security . non - malware bloatware is bad , but it does n ' t allow 3rd parties to steal my identity .
i drink stouts all year long . why ? because they are awesome .
yeah . it ' s pretty annoying that they do n ' t have a way to limit jump - ins to games with at least a marginal amount of score remaining too obtain .
it does n ' t make sense when you are 16 and on holiday break , trust me .
if it has to be done then lets not play musical chair with them .
fine , use the child as a club .
dance on it ? i ' d go to an all - you - can - eat seafood buffet and then take a huge , steaming dump on it .
also really good in lemonade , especially sparkling lemonade . gin is an optional addition .
better a mad parent instead of a dead kid .
could i have friends in a communist self - administration if i am not a part of that communist self - administration ?
awesome , thats what i was planning to order !
plot twist : that ' s the person trying to get you to accept the check .
our home kit this year is better .
i think he ' s just wearing his torso backwards .
same with our older dog . recovered fine without surgery . it is hard to limit their activity , though .
i got premium , no shuffle here . use your free month
i was n ' t making a logical statement . sorry you ' re butthurt that you got served .
i am getting cash from this transaction and i dont have a bank near me . so i will not be able to order from a website .
does n ' t mean you pick her when you ca n ' t .
should have guilty gear ' s button config that ' s so fast and smooth done at character select oh god it ' s beautiful
he was also a wife - beater , because disabled men are all inadequate and angry and emotionally unstable .
i edited it to make it clear . does it make sense now ?
did you really want high definition slugs on a turd ?
well i ' m a fan of using the 32 iron banner gear . also it ' s important for leveling nonsense vanity stuff .
she enjoys dancing with you and , when the song ends , does n ' t really make to leave the dance floor unless you do .
well he ' s gotta make something interesting out of the remainder of the game .
hopefully they do n ' t attack him while he ' s eating dinner . i ' d hate for diggle to have to resort to hand - to - hand combat . the world is n ' t ready .
hah , i would n ' t have gotten any work done either ! i ' m allergic to cats .
i feel ya , dogg ; _ ;
also much more cost - effective than using the broken dreams of the various crews of bridge trolls to prop shit up .
boulder is about a 15 minute drive south and fort collins is 30 - 45 minutes north .
this is exactly why i never play auto select .
yeah i thought about that . i want it to go under the house since the wife would n ' t appreciate wires throughout the house !
you ' re right . i ' m gonna go to law school !
nice , i actually met the guys that created . xyz , weird bunch lol
i fed my bearded dragon some banana from my finger before , and he accidentally bit my finger instead , and i can tell you , they have sharp fucking teeth
that sounds relaxing .
oh , but they ' ll happily use evil man - made science to do so .
i think i enjoyed vice city more than all the other gta games . it had a lovely vibrant feel and quite an absorbing story .
playing devil ' s advocate : i would be pretty stunned after a car full of gasoline blew up in my face just a foot from me . that and the bystander effect .
the angle throws it off too - but yes , it took me a minute or two to see that there was indeed a pattern .
could we get some more pictures , with the light on and also the back ?
wow , i should really start looking more into the options on this game . thanks .
it ' s supposed to work like that , because you can manually create bots to test things around , when you - refresh , you usually want to refresh everything , including the bots .
joking !
what a scumbag for sticking up for his captain eh ?
does you membership cover work space and firing ?
you know what ' s funnier than super mario 64 ? super mario 65 .
i usually just get my actual work done so that by the time everyone comes in i am finished and can dick around .
the 4 tv cameras set up around her are completely normal procedure for call monitoring .
dallas scores a lot of goals on average . this game is probably an anomaly .
05 here , no shit .
would you kindly dig up the issue number if it ai n ' t a pain in the ass ? i ' d like to read it .
ah yeah , not bad at all . should be nice and warm for easter break then .
ever whipped cream by hand , and use maple syrup as the sweetener ? heaven . worth the extra effort .
do n ' t work well in sunlight though . neither of them get bright enough
true , but chris paul is a vastly better defender . chris paul is a good shooter , but nash is a historically amazing shooter . both really efficient .
apparently , you ca n ' t read . i did , several times .
gotcha . that was a sweet video but he gets shot point blank like 3 times .
how much do you have to pay for breaking the lease ?
what does it mean ? i live under a stone .
no , but that ' s why i ' m pro - choice since i feel women should have access to safe abortion choices .
it does n ' t quite work like you think it does from that fixed angle . real life is n ' t 2d .
good tip ! i usually have 2 in engines and 4 in weapons , since my refinery ate my shield slot of my trusty sidewinder . i guess i should upgrade to a new ship fast .
haha , i know it ' s a lot , but i thought i might as well go big or go home : p plus , now i have my own list for the future haha
again you ' re not talking to the same person .
my first basketball memories were watching boston be bad . realizing that was kind of an anomaly freaked me out a little .
not at this time . the request to move out caught me by surprise , i ' m nearing the end of my 30 days and have rented a storage unit and put a deposit on a new place .
does your support hand grip the rail on other guns ? i normally grip my strong hand and do a thumbs forward grip
ha . i did n ' t accuse you of anything . you ' re a defensive little fucker , ai n ' t ya ?
thanks , i really appreciate that . especially since this is my first day on the job !
children are not hobbies , fool . also , single people can have children too .
well human clones , but from a different planet .
if you think that ' s good , then you should try it with a cup of sugar and a pack of kool - aid !
i ' m about to have a reason to use that excuse .
i have one pairs of those jeans too , it feels like you ' re wearing joggers or sweat pants and it look like perfect denim skinny jeans . really flexible and great on the thighs .
yessir . marco island , and thanks !
you can make liquid chalk very easily by adding powdered chalk to rubbing alcohol and putting it in a squeeze bottle . there are many quick recipes online to get the ratio right .
i ' m gonna go , i do n ' t give a fuck how expensive the tickets are , i ' m gonna go .
lots of people do n ' t like swimming in salt water though
yup . its almost a guaranteed victory the instant franklin gets involved . i say almost since for all i know there ' s some crazy op universe out there . seems almost like a spite match .
yeah man ! make some proof like , some frosted , etc for different denominations of chips . id buy a few rolls
a mentor is n ' t the one teaching him mechanics .
genius .
if i went to bed at 10 . 30 , i ' d just stare at the ceiling till after 1am , wasting precious hours of productivity .
could you pay her for watching your son ?
unlike a large portion of reddit i actually use google before asking . i can find all kinds of articles about racial attitudes , but i ' d rather see the raw data from this set of studies .
it ' s amazing they survived so long as they did actually . circulation of loaded in 2011 was 35 , 000 according to the article , which is barely more than my local paper .
ehh sorta . i would n ' t call him a comedian , but hes does do a lot of work in funnier shows and movies nowadays
case in point : the fa cup final winner : d
i ' ve lost 2 five year relationships to this . i ' m determined to be a spouse in my next one and not a 2nd mother .
yeah , u . s . intervention actually helped bolster taliban membership , it will probably do likewise for isis .
because people hate change and love overreacting .
what if this station had 1 rig ? what if the other rig was out on a call ? that does n ' t really answer it .
play pc games on high end graphics cards at 1080p 60fps . was impressed by ryse on xbox . not the best game ever , but still a damn great looking game . numbers are n ' t everything .
learn what day they plan on doing it , and request a raise a couple hours in advance .
that did n ' t help me , i had to do a hard reset .
my stream froze during the pass . i almost fainted .
2016 is right around the corner , democrats do n ' t want to lose that loyal jew vote .
from what i know , he ' ll be playing the sahara after sunset . but not closing . hopefully things do n ' t change .
i generally take jetpack recharge , and chances are that considering the maps i play , there is a river nearby to run to .
they are not a military force , they are insurgents . they do n ' t represent a nation .
i ' m calling that they will play movement in detroit which would keep them from playing the forest .
or you could build full dmg and kill them before they turn around to runaway . no chasing involved .
but will apple allow it ?
for me he sound like dumb person .
im from the uk and i knew new york was big but i did n ' t know it was that big and it made have to throw out my plan that i drew up in my head .
on ep 3 atm , standard got eps . hope things pick up !
that ' s actually a neat idea . i have a backlog of games on all my consoles but ps3 takes the cake .
just drill in from the back of the head . or through the ear .
i ' ll have to check that . thanks !
this actually happened to me as a kid . scared the trainer and my parents half to death because they all assumed i broke my ankle . it was pretty funny tbh .
you should be fine as long as you ' re not sleeping on a bus .
same here red brother . although you were a few seconds more patient than i was , and i commend you for it .
this is why you ' re a joke .
id argue it was the motto . yolo was a pop culture revolution
so they drive a giant robot truck . sign me up .
i hated that scene overall , i just loved the phone call transfer , by far the highlight of this season .
reloading is probably just a game mechanic . in the destiny world , it probably does n ' t need to reload .
i did give it a listen , it ' s very interesting . i ' m going to subscribe for sure .
my prediction is first week resale will be high because fuckers will try to resale , and then it will drop because they could n ' t sell it .
right . so you pay 2 , put one of these on the stack face down , and ask your opponents of they want to counter it .
that ' s actually cheap if it ' s complete .
if he ' s not in active combat , why does he need an automatic weapon ? there are loads of police and soldiers on active duty in israel .
you ' re being ignorant if you think an undefeated squad with 5 - 10 games left is n ' t thinking about that .
meh idk , i feel like nv has been looking a bit shaky lately . not living up to the standards atleast , maybe they ' ll step it up once the actual major comes around
yep thats it . also the little robot represents the director ' s refuge in video games .
oh i had no idea they played together . still seems like an odd couple
as you should , considering they ' re dead and would be hard to use
what ' s so bad about it ? i ' ve played in cata and wod only and i feel like wod is much better written and polished story wise .
check my history dude . i am in fact an engaged female .
make it kinda like the hunting horn in the monster hunter games . certain note combinations provide certain buffs . each instrument has its own set of notes it can play .
it ' s not . this is fucking sick as hell and i sure hope op has the same done to him .
dragon fly is a nice club . the problem with it is very hard to get it to . there is a dress code that they do n ' t tell you about . also , once you get in . it ' s very expensive .
i got mine at the grocery store . you could also try health stores if for some reason your grocery store does n ' t have it
exactly , i find players with guests the easiest to attack
what , no poop dress in your dress code ? haha . just kidding . they do have a lot of interesting stuff . i was just , like , whoa with that one . and yet strangely wanted it ?
those are called habits , routines maybe . in a prison someone else has the key .
it might . i ' m also a kitchen manager , so i have cooked a lot of raw meat for work .
it ' s just some bizarre texan thing . i ' m not serious .
this made me start scratching the back of my neck and chewing on my lower lip for some reason .
gm with the bolt pattern of an f150 sold as single and super cab f150 tow mirrors , i modified them a bit more for my super crew
a . great name and b . yeah , tuesdays are played out . no one has wednesdays and thursdays off .
death is too easy . i lifetime of suffering and torture is a legit punishment for this .
the first time i saw the matrix was on a big - screen sony crt . i did n ' t even mind not seeing it in theaters .
coast showed a pretty good early game over and over . their problem was their mid to late game when it came to rotations and team fights . beating cost in the early game is not that easy .
this is the second comment here . way to take it dark . super fast . lol .
not in the state that we live in , trust me they ' ve thought of this .
a lot of people wanted the old one back so we removed the new one not long ago .
yeah the politics of the state is really weird .
and in times roman .
i thought you were supposed to work on a phone sex line ?
making good use of the straw man . the fact that he ' s considered a journalist boggles my mind .
you would be surprised at how many carbs there are in most fruit , milk and yogurt .
that same women who was in the car with blount and bell when they got pulled over ?
the all - father
that is defiantly true , but that also didnt stop them from porting command and conquer red alert to a console or even civilization .
picture of them on the job , news clipping , old uniforms from the job , anything that can prove they worked there .
i have never looked at living there but only to buy as a rental . i do not know what fees are applicable but i do not think it would include a management fee .
thanks for the input man . i ' m gonna try to see if a few more sneaker heads can verify
marvin loves to spoon , it ' s ridiculous . his stubby little corgi body is perfectly suited for it too
i wonder if her crew has finally received the word that she ' s known as a bitch across america and is trying to make light humor out of it for views and ratings
i ' m in advertising , everything ' s due yesterday !
excellent point .
oh calm down , chances are your cabbage is washed , rinsed , and treated with ultraviolet light which would probably kill the little suckers .
yeah they dont because those midlaners arent playing with the best jungler and support in the world .
ya , 2 of my losses i still had loads of fun with , i ' m just saying . no matter how much better you make the game it does n ' t fix the shitty community issue .
it ' s just that it comes out quick and deals its damage in one burst .
today ' s game is much easier for perimeter players like kobe , lebron , etc but harder for post players . so yeah , mj would put up bigger numbers now than he did in the 90 ' s .
he suggested taking it to the police , not a bank .
it was n ' t . now need another 20 motes by sunday . and at a gig tonight and tomorrow night . wish me luck
it ' s a desired affect if you want to remove rightly .
i like the iphone 5 black . i wish the iphones where this dark .
fuck off , i got work to do .
i do , lived here my whole life and never plan on leaving .
exactly . been looking forward to chelsea at home all season just to hear the boos and see how he reacts .
ugh i want to kill myself .
hissing from the speakers ? if not , open the unit and check to see if anything is too hot . check capacitors . there ' s a chance that part of the audio circuit got damaged .
not with a high focal length , like explained
i ' ll have to try that , i ' m only ten coins off gold .
its reactive armor as posted , it explodes outwards when hit with enemy rounds .
i said the distinction was pedantic . i mocked the tone of the article . you people are so fucking touchy and ready to try to call someone out on the internet .
ah that ' s great . thank you ! will have to try it out on my z type .
or cop show maybe .
just talked to an adidas rep and was told there was a manufacturing issue and there is no set release date as of yet . also checked all local foot lockers and nobody has heard anything .
if it ' s someone complaining about trash collection , it ' s likely in the city limits .
no pressing ? are you even watching the fucking game ?
parodies are fine , as long is it is n ' t low - effort .
i would if i did . i do n ' t . i do use their service though . the post i linked is n ' t mine .
the final album was one of their best , but i really could n ' t get behind the previous two .
damn . so close .
the law works however the majority of us want it to work .
that was the main question i was thinking about .
once we ' re live , we do expect some of our games to live stream , and certain high profile world event sessions will definitely live stream .
not really dangerous if they are taken as prescribed and the patient really needs them .
i think i would prefer ticks over bird size mosquitoes .
i have to agree . with how far we have advanced i think its crazy how far we have advanced how can we only go 40 miles per gallon
i feel sorry for someone who lives their life in confirmation bias .
can rice transfer to purdue in the dead of night . we may win the ncaa tourney with that athlete dude looked insane today .
that ' s a really good idea actually and would work well with docs and my other high top shoes !
subreddit ban lists are not normally made public in my experience . i was just wondering why you decided to make the one for this sub public knowledge , thank you for telling me .
nice ! very under appreciated . also check out the early elton john stuff .
the people involved were suspended for trolling , not the color of their skin . if the friends who posted the flyers were black , they would ' ve been suspended too . how the fuck is that racist ?
i think it will be a blend of the popular languages becoming a new slang and finally it ' s own language . kind of like firefly .
hmmm , i do dream of a future where every man has a thousand women . i ' m changing my vote .
not at all , he may have been dazed by the punch , but you can hear his head hitting something as he falls which is much more likely to have been the cause of him being unconscious .
they do n ' t work on everyone , which is why vaccination as a whole relies upon herd immunity .
unless you ' re playing contra .
i agree that it ' s way overdone , same with acoustic rap covers , but it ' s fun to play , so who gives a fuck ?
remember he has got to keep the hype going . after some very rough math there will be 17 more teasers until the release of the game .
sex drive usually dips but comes back after several months .
i find my commentary and opinions are best given from expensive , racing derived office furniture and while slightly drunk .
can confirm , every kid i know who is even marginally into video games is obsessed with minecraft . this knows no age or gender barrier .
not 40 can be rounded , 40 can be the result of rounding . you can round to 39 but that would mean you had a fraction of a person
well what ' s he supposed to do , sit around and hope the city council all of a sudden approves a stadium deal and 500 million dollars magically rains down from the sky ?
oh absolutely , i agree . far too many people only examine things from the perspective of the cops .
when you have 10 scientific instruments on a spacecraft and 5 of of them fail , that is not a success . at least not by american standards .
i never said easy to kill or hard to kill . i just asked if they were impossible like they are in wow . why did i get downvoted for a serious question ? lol
i certainly hope so . i would love to see this stocked by a u . s . vendor .
he does sound like an ass , i just realized that he also killed or stole my donkey . these are sad times .
im not your friend , pal
no , make the parents do the right thing . it is considered criminal to deny a child health care , and vaccines are necessary health care in the child ' s best interests .
you can sue for court costs but in a case like this they will not be given to you .
we have crazy people too , just no guns to kill each other with .
i have cheapo bluetooth headphones . every time i press play , i get nervous .
no , the vex is considered a special weapon . since the bounty is saying primary weapons , it does n ' t work
hey , in my opinion it ' s a nice truck and well done . do n ' t agree ? not like i fucking care anyways . no need to be a childish dick about it
crawl name ? edit : nm looked it up
and five other assholes decided to pay money to gild the first asshole .
i thought exactly the same thing !
like a jeep with no back seats ?
that ' s part of the reason i like mixed drinks . masks the bitter taste .
interesting . i never thought about that but that could very well be the case ! whats the drop you get off her ? some melee weapon upgrade right ?
awesome man ! you have my support all the way !
war is scary .
yeah . i was trying to type as fast as i could before class started
the whole middle of the country is really beautiful if you are into outdoor stuff . thing is , there is a shit ton of it and it is not special .
not a single city in india has a way to deal with waste and honestly i dont see it changing in the future 30 - 40 years .
you do n ' t know what that word means . telling a country that it must only accommodate a certain ethnicity and ignore all others is the exact opposite of self determination .
while also taking away even the slightest possibility of touch !
i know it ' s been around , was n ' t sure if it was a software issue or not .
this was early on in the series .
awwww yeah ! glad i could help ! we love that place . the family that owns it is always really friendly too .
sure ! i ' ll reply to you with a link . in the mean time would you care to see older stuff of mine ?
he used both . taker is just missing a nickleback song to earn the douche rock trifecta .
yes you can . the womb is the words most advanced 3d baby printer . some models have been known to do two , three , or even four at a time !
that ' s awesome . i never felt the stock clip matched the elegance of that knife .
taste the meat , not the heat .
can you show me the part of the law that says a civilian can kill someone for fleeing a robbery ?
yeah i was thinking the same thing with the row width , i did n ' t go through and make the icons all the same size but i equally spaced them then built the rows around them . good thoughts !
it ' s not . it ' s giving women to wear a head scarf or not . not a sexist tool .
i would hold out until we see how well it runs . if the vita version starts to chug at the later levels i ' m a bit worried about how the 3ds version will turn out
i did n ' t seen it coming at all , to me it was a sudden , abrupt and out of thing .
there ' s another husky just off frame - those two are nuts , but calmed down dramatically when they brought the baby home .
yeah , it came to the city in fall 2013 , doubt it will be back any time soon .
nice ! thanks for the info
i just make fun of the people that annoy me in real life . it works out alright .
you realize that the vast majority of prisons in the us are not private right ? like its not even close . quit circlejerking about private prisons when you do n ' t even know the facts .
oh , i know there are other teams that want him . another team bites the dust , that ' s all . i ' m not putting that much thought into it anymore , to be honest .
what kind of pr team insults its players with doge memes in response to serious and valid questions . its this unprofessional manner that has made them a joke in my eyes and others .
having a concealed weapon on university grounds has been legal for years all this does it allow the same ccw permit holders to carry that handgun into the buildings .
well i really dont want to waste money by buying the mp3s of music i already have on cd . i know cds and discs in general are on their way out . but theyre not completely out yet .
that is freaking wack dude ! you keep on being a good father and pay those uptight , judging moms no mind . well , only if you want to . i do n ' t mean to sound like i am telling you what to do .
that fucking sucks man . i hope it all ends up okay .
ah . my school never let us self - grade . seems like that ' s basically asking kids to cheat .
it was a free reprint so there ' s no btc . i need to know if he got it though
when does the new job start ?
i watch tv with a newborn in my arms . while the baby is sleeping , i can still hear the tv because of the earphones !
fine , do n ' t have your week off , someone ' s an ungrateful colony .
i almost never catch a redskins game , so i really have n ' t paid them much attention in a while .
i agree . people complain about a lot of shit that reactionary redditors say , but it ' s not like the other side of the coin is being any better .
how do you know a guitarist is at the door ? he ' s late and he ' s got the wrong key
yeah , i just want the rl . gotta catch them all ! i have all the weapons in ce , but those two vog heavies will not drop for me .
yeah , i do n ' t want to make unsubstantiated accusations . not sure how it could have been an accident though . at least the hospital should be able to confirm it .
yeah , but i started a cycle of creatine when i started the cut , so i do n ' t how where my weight is at right now .
nope gold stars like myself are pretty much it . the new planetary status has just been invented .
correct . they give you no tactical advantage .
not every has to be super active . does n ' t have anything to do with dying , especially if it was never alive
splash of white wine .
the important thing you guys gotta keep in mind is that these things gossip . they get together and they gossip .
so take the proper amount , put it on the stove with water , and then just slowly bring it to a almost boil ? is the little turkish pot a must ?
see , this is what i was trying to explain ! you are always trying to prove me wrong .
i remember that , so much fun to watch . balls to the wall
good point . also happened to be on the same day that an anti ecig article exploded on the front page .
okay , i can work with this . i love nuts and avocados . i ' ll make a stop past the shop on the way home and get a good start tomorrow . thank you so much .
he would be a good get but i read somewhere he wanted to go where he could be a full time pg and with morris still here that would be tough .
i can still order things and let them be delivered there , the only change would be a nice gift wrap around the item or package .
luckily it ' s a super fast projectile with long range .
i do n ' t chew gum before or while i play
yeah , have you ever read christmas cracker jokes - they are designed not to offend anyone , and they are n ' t worth the paper they are written on .
yeah , i probably just need to farm and top off on vials and bullets and use a bunch of blood bullets . that ' s how i did it in regular ng .
i ' m sure they are somewhere in the game files with the . exe file , sorry that ' s all l can guess .
stores in the us are the size of malls in denmark . its a lot harder to keep mouse free
i know that was about 4 - 5 years ago now . since it has n ' t happened , i ' m hoping maybe reality has set in and they ' ll we willing to deal finally ?
i want one to brush snow off my satellite dish in the winter .
lol people remember only what they want to remember man .
even then you can just download the classic music mod .
nah , not the midwest either , but a small poor town with no money to fix the roads ? yes .
i think dc combined with baltimore or philly would be pretty cool . lots of dirty politicians , etc .
admit it , the video ' s biased . the lambo is being driven by an escaped llama .
my problem with that is when you ' re in a big crowd , like an arena or something of that sort . once i realise there ' s an echo and everyone is n ' t clapping exactly in unison , i ' m toast
it was pretty fun till the power started going off and on while trees around were bending at 45 degrees . then the thunder started .
the voice actor is directed to do a voice . hirez has the say so in what they want the voice to sound like and that ' s what they chose .
its was pointless and terrible .
i always put my lettuce directly on the bread and then the tomatoes because the lettuce acts as a moisture barrier for the tomatoes to prevent the bun from getting soggy .
interesting . mind sharing your thoughts on why tb is bad ? i do n ' t use it much myself , but i would n ' t say i dislike it .
i think if they use the nemesis system in shadow of mordor and tweak it a fair bit it would be amazing .
yeah apparently i did n ' t need to go mountain climbing every time i failed , shit
sometimes arguments get heated and you just have to fight fire with fire .
huh , so no reason to follow and see if the behavior exists or was promoted in the department , county , or state
most of the studies into octopus intelligence simply reveal the shortcomings of the researchers themselves . like , they steal the scientists sandwich when he ' s writing notes and the like .
st patrick ' s day the real way is just a tuesday night . so i ' ll see you at the bar
i think it ' s close . and i ' ll put the leo back up then . xd could i have 200k for it all ? does that seem fair ? also , my gates are open .
not exactly related to how much sugar taste someone can handle .
usually within 24 hours . the post play surveys shows a week after i believe .
iirc what she wanted was to build a concrete house for her dad before he died . she was saving up , but he died before she could begin construction .
a 5 ounce bird cannot carry a 1 pound coconut .
i ca n ' t say i care that much what people call themselves .
it only takes getting syphilis once . this is a form of tertiary syphilis , which can occur if left untreated about a decade after contraction .
the fact that they believe it ' s even possible for another bush to be elected is really scary .
gay propaganda has been made illegal in the glorious mother russia ! let russia rule the land !
i did n ' t realize jesse was n ' t intended to be a main character . fun fact .
look at you , checking in with people on their goals ! love it ! i stuck with my admittedly pretty easy goal of strength training once a week in april .
oh alright , i ' m going to check it out later today , i ' ll definitely pop a question about that .
although with anna and elsa it makes a little sense since they have been apart for so many years . things would be a bit awkward even though they really care for each other .
to not pray at council applies to all religions , not one .
jews were not allowed to own businesses in nazi germany , but that was the law , so i suppose that it was like that for a good reason .
what stuff has his brother worked on ?
i was debating taking that out , but someone i work with said it looked real . i was duped ! thanks though !
i ' ve got a copy on my book shelf collecting dust . thanks for the motivation i will get onto reading it .
in this fast changing world , a lot of companies will be fortunate to exist ten years from now .
if it ' s old people , a parent and a small child , or someone out with someone who is handicapped , then i am ok with it . otherwise i think it ' s ridiculous
that asshole better not eat any crackers around here .
welcome to town ! if you find salmon please post here , i will always be looking for it .
pretty much , tucker going to beat his ass in phoenix lol but the heat got ud to protect him , it ' s gonna be good
boogie ' s position is n ' t as loaded as kawhi ' s , so that ' s a big factor . but pau made 2nd team so who the hell knows ?
was the shipping price bs ? or are you in aus or nz ?
he still screamed in pain when his robotic hand was severed at the end of episode vi though , so it is canon that he feels pain .
thanks man , that means a lot . what kind of goals are you setting for yourself ?
to be honest i am quite confident that inter will qualify for europe .
self - driving trucks mean a higher stock of capital goods in the society . the wealth of a society is basically the same as its stock of capital goods . so , yeah , it ' s a great thing .
who cares about family history . we do n ' t cut off girls breasts at age 14 just because her mom has breast cancer .
honoring the rules of war , non - combatants will not be attacked unless they are seen directly helping the brazilian forces , and non - military foreign personnel will be respected .
seasons 3 - 10 of the simpsons are some of the best tv around
something like what a dj would do . similar to how two music is
feral pigs sound terrifying .
i did , they do n ' t offer any conditional applicants .
i live right by the minnesota river . you think i could catch anything out of there just fishing from shore ?
you can customize some of his traits inside your house .
that ' s a smart way to live man . experimenting is fun . learning is fun .
sugar level : sweet
not really . i was in their thread , saw the link , and saw your comment . very logical chain of events . get over yourself .
kidding around makes you a jerk ?
or we see a blueprint for the iron spider on a monitor at stark ' s .
it pisses me off even more because that ' s not even camel toe . she wearing bike shorts - that ' s the padding in the crotch for comfort on the seat .
not this shit again .
my conspiracy theory discredited . thank you for the reply , i ' ll take another look at it .
do you have time to listen to the word of erin and levi and how they delivered us from titans ?
which part do you heat ? how long ? i ' m worried that the glass would shatter because of the heat .
the weird thing about image 5 is that the cover on the machine looks like it ' s off and broken in the middle . i can only speculate how that relates to the plot .
yeah , that ' s not necessarily a bad thing . you might want traffic being generated by the buildings on your side streets but not on your main streets .
3am sydney time . it ' s worth staying up for .
what does that have to do with dion jordan ? this is irrelevant to the op ' s question .
and some people are . why should bungie only cater to you instead of giving us more options ?
ha , yes it ' s a luxury most of us take for granted . i do n ' t really like sea food , so i feel like someone else should have gotten my spot on the coast
then everyone dies trying to finish the lord and it cause a draw .
pretty sure it was because of the crowd cheering that the vods were muted . a copyrighted track was entered with crowd cheering .
how much would it cost ?
i do n ' t recall the british having carried out a number of 20th century genocides they wo n ' t apologise for
i ' ve seen carl cox live i have not seen porter robinson live i love porter i love carl they ' re both good do n ' t mess with my head brah
watch the video on the stickied post to see the other clocks .
i would say heavy lifting . but to be honest your body will tell you what you need and when you need it . i ' m just sharing my experience
i ' d recommend a rescue that has its dogs in foster care if possible . they will know what a dog is like in a home as opposed to in a shelter environment .
i wish this situation was like the nba and the woman that flopped like a fish and got the other woman arrested was the one being fined .
i did n ' t know that , i have no clue about womens sizes . my point is that she has a small waist , and can wear small clothing fit for normal people .
that seems like an idea .
should be the top rated comment as a landlord myself .
it ' s the circle of life !
you sir have made my day . i ca n ' t stop laughing .
it ' s a garbage game for an mmo . great for an rpg i have heard but not what i was looking for .
thank you for realizing a joke when you see it !
those two things are the least of my concerns about running windows 8 , the real bottleneck will most likely be the cpu .
yes , it ' s an app for ios .
do you think he gets in ? i never really watched him so i have no idea .
except they ca n ' t . as it stands the process requires stem cells and calf serum to be harvested for every batch .
i do this with the orientation sensor . tilt right to speak the time , do that again within 10 seconds it brings up the phone instead .
yep , saves quite a bit of time
yeah , they need to worry about getting the money before building the infrastructure , which means they cant spend money on crappy weapons
you made an excellent point . bone density is correlated with muscle mass . bones , at least if at that planet from birth , will have greater density . 1 lb bone brings about 5 lbs of muscle
cohesion , can confirm . also a popular way to pour liquid into a breaker or some small opening with a glass stirring rod in wet chemistry .
if you ' re tweaking for 4 days straight the last thing you ' re thinking of is brushing your teeth . as when you come down off that high it ' s also the last thing you think of .
we found satan .
i agree because they simply do not care .
it was a joke . do you know what the songs about ?
ah i forgot about that . i really wo n ' t be surprised , but this wait is killing me , i want next episode now !
ahhh it ' s all coming together now , what a fool i am ! obviously deserved every single bit of that ban for asking such an oppressive question .
henry is the autistic adult janitor who ' s forced to attend preschool during daily hours because he ' s a danger to himself if not monitored . kinda like a reverse version of good will hunting .
i ' ve never read the book but i ' ve seen the movie . the book ' s probably better right ?
white dude here . love seeing black dudes with asian women . do n ' t know why but there you go .
man , does n ' t look like people are getting that sweet reference .
30 high , to be exact . that ' s actually figured in the linked post .
if you know this how about you do n ' t alt tab . ca n ' t you really hold on for a loading screen ?
we give the fans what they want right now and also later . literally a win - win situation for everybody .
unless you ' re good at negotiating . source : buy up the railroads first , they ' re a money machine .
it ' s craig christ , not jesus christ .
found it funny that his head looks like it ' s on the lion ' s body with the lannister sigil being a lion
who orders cupcakes by the thirty - ones , anyway ?
i ' m not sure people understand that twitter is very very public in its essence .
that one is definitely true , and it gives the bar that nice smoky smell we all love .
yeah , that person is now your friend , not just your ex . makes sense you share with them .
why would you put a subtank on a mod that ca n ' t sub - ohm ?
assuming the calendar goes through the event of the film maybe it would be the reveal of elsa ' s powers ? still hans ' fault , so it works out .
well you won me over haha . if i have questions in the future would you mind answering ?
i see a great language - learning opportunity here . move the slider about halfway between english and your target language , then adjust the level of subtitles based on your proficiency .
oh yeah , for sure . we blasted that song after the second goal . i can get pretty pumped up on what arguably is a terrible song if it means goals for the habs .
clg is doing fine on t side for now , possibly a 3rd round of them
so it was your fault ? damn school !
why do n ' t you watch all of the one piece dub episodes , its pretty funny in english .
the smell though ?
wish i could , but i ' m sure you can find plenty through google . i ' m more of a realist with a defined sense of optimism , so rust ' s philosophy does n ' t appeal to me .
just like your team is about to be by the lower seed .
kansas city is a car town . of course it matters .
eric was a special one .
love the cactus shirt . very comfortable .
why would they discourage the wave ? people are just having fun .
there is . my dad ' s sofa sits about 14 ft back and he ' s got a 65 . if you sit on the coffee table which is about 5 ft it looks sharp and very clean but not 1500 clean .
i do n ' t have the money for a lawyer and i do n ' t expect to get much help if i do n ' t plan on following up and using the lawyer . correct me if my presumption is wrong .
its not bad . it play a lot like fighting vipers .
lol . you ca n ' t be serious . yeah , that was the deciding factor in trading him . wow .
yeah , any shop . they make them in ceramic - only and , as you know , they ' re comfortably incognito . check around and good luck !
how would an isp mod a law ?
oof , that ' s rough . i work in a bakery alone , so it ' s just me , the dough , and my headphones for 5 hours until my first coworker comes in .
that ' s not official nor does it work anymore .
it ' s a good thing internet condoms are more effective than real condoms against viruses !
its not a small misunderstanding when you are assaulted and left on the ground injured and bleeding , he was n ' t given a chance to explain either .
judging by tide ' s body language , and just overall demeanor , that was probably his first kiss . i literally broke a sweat from cringing so hard while watching it .
pepe is what saved you from a 4 - 1 or something last game .
yeah , i live in the area . i do n ' t know loads of people who go , just a couple , mind .
where in what i said did i give any approval for the alleged actions ?
you mean the sorcerer supreme ?
that much is a fair point . i will admit .
ah yes i have hiked it a few times before and love it ! the problem is now i live somewhere with low altitude , that is my main concern in going forward !
trying that , but i dont have advanced calling on my phone since mine is a european version
in think they meant was n ' t jumping her bones in order to knock her up .
what about a d lock made out of c4 ?
that would work for multiple reasons , but i do n ' t think she ' d go for that
i did n ' t think it was exactly like chicken . it had sort of a fishy gamey taste that i did n ' t like .
one scar from every man he killed .
none of the tsm players played well .
it is my fav of her three books , but this trailer . yikes
you should ! are you in the team sharon needles facebook group ? post it in there , her and chad are on there and are active so she ' ll definitely see it .
life sciences meaning biology ?
probably talk to girls in my phone until one of them wants to have sex , head home in my shitty car and fall asleep until 1pm . tbh , probably will be a good night .
we were definitely the lesser team today , but in every single game of a football there is an element of luck , both teams had a share and we managed to scrape a point .
too bad he did n ' t hit a stud in the wall ftfy
one has a rank , one does n ' t . they seem pretty different to me .
better than going to buy a bottle of liquor and drinking alone at home on your 21st . at least if you go out you have a chance of meeting some bros to celebrate with .
or in your twenties partying instead , or in your thirties taking your kids trick or treating
no problem . setting up your own instrument is a great learning experience that can save you a ton of money and hassle .
have you ranked up recently ? the higher rank you get , the harder it is to find players in the same region as you with the same rank so sometimes servers get further away from you
exactly . let ' s put someone who actually cares about the people in a position where she ca n ' t do shit . sounds great to me !
accountability ? wth are you talking about ? cops beat the shit out of a couple dudes who threw water balloons . you ' re part of the problem .
i do n ' t know who took them . just wanted to give others a heads up when working with them .
do n ' t most people die from cardiac arrest when doing cocaine and not toxicity ?
generalization : black people are a bunch of criminals ! statistic : most violent crimes in the united states are committed by black males .
haha like wtf , this should not have happened . the burly ass dude did n ' t even try and he still crippled the poor kid
i honestly have no idea . it would n ' t damage the car , but i guess i could get fined for littering when it inevitably falls off ?
yeah , when did beef jerky get to be so stupid expensive ?
just the thought of it made my valve suddenly close .
more than likely , they already do . getting information from multiple sources is better for painting a bigger picture of whatever it is they want .
psychopathy is usually described as a lack of empathy or remorse .
he did use the jailbreak skin featuring grey hair and an old man face . it would probably give him less with the classic splash .
nice ! what are you going to major in ?
every straight man too , do n ' t forget . men simply cannot exist around other humans without committing sexual battery .
he ' s talking about the x86 architecture .
250 ms is not that long . hate to break it to you but your calls have used this technology for years , ever since we left analog cell phones .
what ' s the freshman 70 ?
haha , i call it the same . she normally does it when she wakes up . she ' ll stretch and start crawling . she likes to be lazy until its play time lol .
best spidey - voice ever .
some prefer 3ds stages . but yeah 3ds wont have major tournaments like wii u , but there will be and are a lot minor online tournaments .
i ' ll definitely be visiting your site daily to check out the hot new content , lmfao
virgin barrels are n ' t really called bourbon or wine barrels , plus it would taste a lot different . to me it tastes like used red wine barrels but wtf do i know .
well it has to be close to the socket to some extent , so the corners at the top of the board make the most sense imo .
doesnt he spend most of time time just talking shit about the game and cash shop , though ?
nothing ' s wrong with licking arse , it ' s just filthy craigslist arse that ' s bad to lick .
as a 24 year old , trout makes me look at my life and wonder what the fuck i ' ve been doing
then we married the scots and kicked everyone ' s ass from china to canada
honestly i thought this might just be the issue . i do n ' t know maybe i will look into pushing my overclock just a bit more .
i ' m pretty sure it ' s the other girl he meets . the one where he had a talk with during the night ? the other red head ?
sums up the friendship between me and my friends . we ' re still trying to accept that we play games different , and we ' re always on the lookout for games that we can enjoy together .
what ' s the range to the target ? how many shots did you land ? how long did it take for you to kill the target ?
how is it a western except it happens to take place mainly in a small town out west ? i do n ' t see how it fits any western tropes .
how many amiibo hunters you figure are in san antonio ?
no problem , i had my cousin come over to make my nat right , it was a real pain in the ass to do it and i could n ' t do it myself .
plus libel if you are n ' t careful
yeah it was his best season up to this point , he won serie a with juventus , was in the cl final and scored the two winners for france in the world cup final .
she seemed potentially overpowered to me . she ' s like prof x and magneto in one person . what other powers from the books would you like to see in future movies ?
the armchair backpack thing also makes sense with how voice actors usually stand .
it seems so . the normal force balances the weight of the ball to keep it from going through the floor , and the only force in the x direction would be friction .
if he ' s a problem , they cut his ass and it does n ' t hurt cause it ' s a one year deal .
both payday or borderlands sound good , i added you to discuss , maybe we can work something out for both .
humble bundle does mobile bundles as well , but i think it ' s only android devices .
lmao ! yeah . i need to have my grandma find me one now just cause . she goes to hallmark like once a month bare minimum .
i have no idea what this means , but i love it
whatever you say . my point being that the ps4 lights serve a different purpose than the xb1 infrared
but does n ' t he still release an album per year ?
no way , my he - man toy with arm chopping action was buff as hell
i ask to get an idea of the build quality , because that seems to be one of the places manufacturers skimp on .
same here man . not a big fan of their new stuff though .
all i could think of was groundhog day during that scene .
i agree with you . pretty soon will be my first time seeing rush and i would be furious if they did n ' t play a song at least off of a farewell to kings .
yup . the fact that the guy put up with her for that long is admirable .
no worries , i did n ' t mean specifically this show but vapor shows in general .
i always thought the lyrics in this song were fucking awesome . their kinda weak on their own , but his delivery makes the whole thing .
it used to be a problem before the nerf because it made heavy way too effective against scouts .
then it will hold a cooler and sounds like just what i need . pm sent .
i was specifying a regular event but that could work too .
dc got iced over this weekend but it ' s melting today . words ca n ' t express my disgust for everything related to winter . f
warrior hammer 4 similar to binding blades .
why first pick annie when febiven ' s zed is open ? and btw does anyone actually know what sides the teams have picked ? for all we know fnatic could be on red side every single game .
having more consistent qb play would help out tremendously , but the juniors leaving for the nfl draft hurts the most .
yeah , cus i guess that friend also ca n ' t make decisions by their own volition .
i ' m just glad taker did n ' t get hurt again .
indeed . though it ' s not very clear , could just be a trick of the light .
the govt is losing money as is .
but if you win the europa league then you automatically qualify for champions league .
you may feel like you need to blame someone , but do n ' t blame yourself . please do n ' t hurt yourself , there are healthier options to relieve you ' re annoyance
only up to season 4 , after that it ' s just kinda meh .
that ' s because the way you ' re supposed to play is vs to br 100 then main nc nc guns are a lot more useful when you can aim
word , i ' m hoping we see daredevil in infinity war for this reason
are you implying we should use a simple true and tested thing over a complicated hipster contraption that for a start requires trees ?
four - point font . hardcore fans buy magnifying glasses to make sense of it .
as someone who is n ' t really a fan of cole , i absolutely fucking agree . it ' s cool to not really be hearing him on the radio and have him go platinum .
oh , that ' s why mom screamed when she entered the bathroom yesterday after my 25th birthday .
that they still expect people to pay for a dog turd ?
i went true to size . they seem to fit normally for me
no . arcade sticks actually have spacing and only the buttons you need . keyboards are small compared to those and do n ' t work quite nicely for z axis .
how can steel beams melt if jet fuel isnt real ?
not quite sure what your point is ?
after . you can see the new ping system .
probably lemon ants . they taste very much like lemons .
i ' d also be really curious about the specific details of performance increase . looks great though , i look forward to the release . looks fun as hell .
ha ! that did n ' t even cross my mind . makes sense
i just do n ' t get why people still live there .
do n ' t get me wrong , i really enjoyed it ! i was just focusing on rocksteady ' s development , rather than the entire arkham series .
i ' d love to see it too ! congrats on your success , especially still being in college while doing it . awesome to see
i ' m not sure mata is a better fit . young offers us good balls into the box and pace going forward . we ' ve been lacking both today . would n ' t mind seeing mata come on a bit later though .
hell i ' m a tad unattractive . that ' s not the point . that haircut is intentional and completely atrocious .
completely agree , man . they ' re both jack asses in their own way .
the bible does n ' t have to say anything . god does not make mistakes .
so do n ' t eat a hot dog .
did hal lie about it ?
exactly . and setting the clock forward an hour does n ' t change how long the sun shines . it changes the arbitrary time unit we use .
yes . as long as the meat is cooked thoroughly it is no longer red .
lebron ' s jumper is the most fun to use in 2k for me plus its hilarious to just kill your friends without spamming lebron drives .
yeah i found 4 at gw this week . i have n ' t had any luck until now finding working , wireless guitars . all i can ever find are the old wired ps2 ones .
yes , this is fairly well understood now among people who have studied it seriously . a less common , more extreme interpretation of ww2 is that it was a war on the ussr by the west .
i usually sleep naked when i ' m home alone . before i go to sleep , i always drink a glass of water .
eh ? which champ is similar to this o _ o
that ' s the point . it was just added to the pe .
fucking hell . i ai n ' t even trying to get it . it just happens . like turtles .
often it ' s tightness in your hamstrings and glutes causing lower back pain , but i stretch all of my leg muscles after i ride and recommend the same .
i would n ' t say either one of them has been different class this season . both played great football and scored often .
it could take anywhere from an hour to a day . i believe the guy who handles payments lives in australia , so he is usually sleeping when most of the people who ordered are awake .
the silicone valley is in southern california . i believe you are talking about the silicon valley .
lol i ' m happily married bro , but i ' m glad your delusional world is working out for you
slay every peasant villager in witcher 3 for that !
yeah but i thought he said the place that repairs it provides a slip that shows its air worthy . still too much risk for me .
oh shit . it might be . since i started it next to an ocean ! thanks
it ' s not often that i genuinely lol at reddit , but i just did . you win the thread .
higher rate gives them more room for a slightly larger spread , however .
wait . what ? what ' s a senior ? you mean like a gentleman in spanish ?
forget that . i ' d be happy with a skyrim - like rpg that was n ' t as shitty as kotor 2 .
what i do n ' t like about tv news is that i can read about 4 times as much news in the time it takes to watch a tv show about news .
it ' s simply to match you against players of equal skill as you . other than that , it ' s bragging rights .
i ' m surprised how horrible people can be about the way others look , mind you i always have been surprised about how horrible some people are about people they do n ' t know anyway .
in the schools i went to you would still get punished . yeah , it was impossible to stand up for yourself without getting suspended or expelled .
18 - 19 year olds do n ' t naturally pack on that much muscle . he was obviously on roids
she said she was 20 in the first picture and 22 in the second .
i was thinking more like a sunflower with pedals around the eye ball !
people say the same about posting in fat people hate subs . who has the moral high ground here ? i forget
yeah he ' s full of shit
the difference is you drove the car by hand , and had to make the decision to do it . the check is handled by a machine .
actually it is , it is just is n ' t as sweeping as say government censorship . private firms and groups censor all manner of things , and this is the case here as well .
alright ill lower the price : p
nope , but amber sounds awesome . link ? kinda curious to see this person ' s work .
usually the department of game does this method but do n ' t allow private citizens to do it on public water .
the chocolate bar palette made my eyes itchy . never had an eye shadow do that before .
in my experience , yes . even if it ' s minor it seems once you are addicted and go through wd it ' s easier to feel it in the future if that makes sense
aang could destroy a mountain , and eventually reaches mountain level , but right now is only city level .
true . but a lot of the best red stuff does n ' t have too many non - r costs .
get daario to release them . two birds , one stone .
just look at robins humongous head an jaw , he looks like he can take a few punches .
it ' s not a super clone , no . lot ' s of wrong parts if you are super anal , but i know the proper parts list by memory if you need it .
ah shit good point . i just wanted to give the other subreddit due credit , i did n ' t actually link to it , does that still count ?
galaxy is the best except when they play the carolina rail hawks .
which makes all the sense in the world . perfect logic .
there needs to be more stoners like you . lucky for me , most of my friends are like this too . friendship is more important than a little bit of bud , seriously folks .
man , there are dozens of lobsters that i have n ' t eaten . maybe even hundreds .
you could say that this comes from the user having huge amount of control over his df power .
thanks man ! it ' s working now . i deleted re : hd to make room . can easily just re - download it again .
possibly girl hitler ' s brother ?
aka they did n ' t kill the franchise , which is why i said nope .
sadly i agree , the exception was the big east who needed some immediate football clout .
syfy is an nbc channel . every nbc channel plays a premier league game on the final day so they can show them all at the same time .
yeah , coz that is n ' t a real woman at all lol . brb airbrush all day
you and the rest of us man .
i only do that if i plan to keep the fish . otherwise , thank christ for pliers with long grips .
huh , that actually makes a lot of sense .
metal gear solid 2 , a game that ' s solely campaign and no multiplayer , can be finished in about two hours . it ' s all about how you play it .
you do n ' t sell 100 , 000 , 000 books if nobody takes you seriously .
sorry for the confusion , i should ' ve been more descriptive
4 had no protection aa ' s except for the hl shield which imo was utterly useless . a
love my tech team and respect the shit out of them , and they reciprocate
just throw it straight up in the air then ?
thank you . biggest way we can injure the kings is to win big tonight and fade their flairs .
nor does he fuck and yell .
blue , with the big logo and 3 on the side
depends on the room , it melts to liquid somewhere around 20 - 25 degrees i see it change states in my cupboard daily !
if race plays a role in the deciding who gets a scholarship then the scholarship and those who offer it are bigots . period . its pretty simple .
i will agree losing is a team effort .
and do n ' t pull both triggers at once - stagger them so the cannon fires constantly . i ' ve beaten this section on the hardest difficulty without losing any hull .
the only reason they are better is because gta had to make them bigger in the game to look like off - road tires . i . e . making it roll over curbs easier
haha well i was kidding but yeah it has nothing to do with freedoms . just cultural and historical difference
thank you ! i did n ' t think our sound clips would be so well received . i love hearing a sexy voice talk dirty to me .
posh , who needs that shit . just need to be doing math and shit all day .
i do n ' t know how to stick charges to an intimate object , but i ' m not a lawyer either
my biggest worry is getting hit by a teen texting .
michael irvin would tell you that all the best players on all teams are from the u . so whoever has the most miami players .
wrong . if you are not profiting from or claiming it as your own work there ' s no legal problem .
can he even turn his head to the side ? goddamn beastly
cool . i was thinking about just doing it myself , although i do n ' t think i could offer as nice of prizes . now i do n ' t have to worry about it .
he was returning to kurdish lines and they were mistaken for enemy forces and fired on .
what , you want harvick to continue pacing the field for the next 18 mins rather than having the field actually race for position and the win ? i ' d rather you stop watching then too .
i never understood why this is seen as a perk , except maybe as some weird form of state pride .
yea , damn them for attempting to arrest people for assaulting a woman .
i think there are laws in washington state that provide for child support if a man lived with a family for a certain amount of time and assumes the parental role .
well i did n ' t downvote you , so please do n ' t blame me . in fact i think it is a good question
haha , i had that worry about then as well . i had to read ahead in the pattern to see when it was going to end !
kerr seems like the kind of dude who lets the results speak for themselves . the kind of person who will talk up everyone but himself .
also does increasing col , add more volume to the case allowing for higher grain loads with out exceeding max pressure ? at least to a point ?
my reply does look a little hostile when i read it again . my bad lol .
it ' s against the law to litter too , and you get a ticket for it . ca n ' t catch everyone .
we ' d better get a rain dance going
yes it ' s one lane , but there ' s a reason it ' s wide enough for two vehicles . so someone can make a right if the first person is turning left or going straight
australia is pretty sunny from what i hear extra sun power . kangaroo stomps more .
can you play 3 - 2 well ? if not i can teach you
i agree , this was the first ryback match ive seen that looks very wwe and not awkward
boyfriend does n ' t believe in marriage , and i do n ' t care either way , so that makes it easier for us .
as soon as i saw this video appear on my youtube feed , i knew it was going to be on steam train .
or his teacher can fail him , make him repeat and at the beg of next bio post this up and warn other students in front of him .
first ever vape session went great ! i ' m very happy with my purchase and would highly recommend it to other first time vapers .
it is . theoretically you could change your serial number by replacing the logic board on the phone , but at that point , its basically a new phone anyway . not much sense in doing that .
wrong . old boring people drive suvs . look around .
that feels weird taking money for my own stuff without giving back .
i know i was just breaking his balls . its fun to poke fun at other in - state schools
do n ' t worry , i ' m drinking for two .
lying now are we , also can u give me some feedback on mine ? aspiring latte artist here
yeah , that ' s kind of how i thought of it too . i was told to be as loud as i possibly could at that part .
ah , i believe i gave the knife equal attention as the letter and picture .
i hope they talk about more specific things like new skills for each job .
you are building a house inside a car , yet you are asking for help with building a shed ?
just said he was a baby . the 69 is probably a sex joke .
i kinda feel like you people would n ' t get as mad if they were n ' t black
as a person currently lying in a bed ; fuck insomnia
would be much better if they drank the ale . lol .
voiced by tara strong , who is the current voice of harley in anything animated or video game related .
sorry you feel that way . do you have a link to base your claims ?
happy cake day !
i ' m definitely not saying smoking is cool , but apart from a small black pen styled vape , it ' s like they are trying to get noticed . i might as well be wearing a fedora on my mouth .
i would rather have a dog penetrate me .
nobody unless you dont have anything better and you need a little more dmg . berserk gives most dmg per set so could be used to get more dmg
we would all be much better off with dates and honey washed down with rose water .
i still play madden 12 for the last half - decent version of franchise mode .
yep , there was a deal a month or two back where you could get 2 years free just by signing up . it ' ll be on youtube before too long .
she grew up in st louis . jon hamm was her drama teacher in high school . edit : inability to pay attention .
can you please link ? i ca n ' t find it anywhere .
google it up . thug is a hockey word . it ' s also a bully word . quit trying to bully me into a racism talk , you thug .
in my experience , file system corruption is at least as likely to cause data loss as hardware is . raid does not protect against file corruption . raid is not a backup .
good backups ? rick wagner was one of the best right tackles in the nfl last year . monroe is an above average player when hes healthy
no relation . i just stumbled upon her , and thought she ' d like more views . we could ask her for permission i guess .
i like it both ways , but i agree that warm lamb and cold lamb are two completely different foods .
you guys are very similar to the russians , to be frank . at least in my european perception .
they why do you care about the modding ? you have n ' t even paid for the game . that ' s like bitching about the extended features of a car model , as a car thief .
20 years worth right there . maybe it ' s 350 per year if you start at the year 1 ad .
sorry i overlooked your question there ! i always used either japanese cotton or recently i ' ve started using native wicks . both work very well .
why ca n ' t i get a job teaching the wolves english and integrate them into a new society where i am ur , god - king of the wolf - people and lead them to a glorious new future ?
i had to sit through a ten minute story this morning about how my co - worker ran out of milk last night , drove to the store to get some , then went home . that was the entire fucking story .
late happy 10th birthday bro !
can you heat the water to a lukewarm temperature at least ?
fuck yes i have , he made that film , have you seen the before trilogy ?
gotcha . i ' m and eagles and mavs fan , never met another person who was a fan of both as well
adam sandler ? he can barely do comedy right anymore .
for what cause of action ?
the world did n ' t have a problem with russia bombing its own cities , why should the attitude towards ukraine be different ?
can you tell him to be passive before the other assholes spawn and then run ?
cat stands up to his bully !
yes , but he was working for the government when he said he was rich .
yup , that justifies being beat to death while in police custody .
by definition , satire is parody . saying sarcasm cannot be used to effectively parody something is ridiculous .
exactly and even if you are innocent there is no way to know a hundred percent that you will win the case .
some pros have actually stated that point - and - click kiting is better .
i just find it easier to focus and helps me process . so it helps with your memory ? that ' s pretty awesome .
that was her problem . you wont get anywhere playing on the roof .
thanks man !
seems like your complaining about a change that at best , involves scrolling now . big deal .
lisa frank does n ' t fit his color scheme . it would look weird . it would need to be done by a darker writer and director .
i ' ve seen drifts so high where i could not find my friend
so , if breasts are evil and gamergate is evil , while women have breasts . that would mean women are evil and part of gamergate . genius !
this is half correct . if you still play off the tv you should be fine . although the whole point of upgrading may be to play off the gamepad
even taking a hardcore intimate shit does n ' t sound this dirty .
if you wanted money you should have been a stem major !
do you think it ' s high or low ?
i do n ' t think the actions matter . they do n ' t make you go farther . if anything , the youtube video is more helpful because it shows that you can attack while sliding , not just a slide .
i know , i want him to wear a suit and tie with a big nike logo on a sheet of paper on the back to just say fuck you
yeah apparently he noticed the goalkeeper continuously coming off his line too throughout the game . that goal is premeditated which makes it all the sweeter .
maybe he should just stay inside ?
never thought i ' d say this , but thank god for sting operations .
too bad i live in a place where spring assisted knives are illegal . damn you chicago .
you do have to nod to put your head on any shoulder . it ' s just a slower motion , or else you ' d hurt your head . - wayne gretzky
okay cool , what ' s your ign ?
like i ' ve always said sports is basically celebrity gossip for guys . it ' s true . i eat it up
that ' s interesting . which kind of food is it ? i had mine on optimal for a while until i had to put them on a urinary thing .
yep , just the risk of just being used as a bolt screw or being thrown out .
considering the way it ' s build right now is unstable and bullshit , they need to .
i ' ll delete my account if ac milan win the cl next season .
all this comment does is let everyone know you have n ' t been with a girl who likes rough sex .
i ' m as north in poland as it gets ; _ ;
as someone else pointed out , the maps and mechanics are n ' t designed to support those exploits . that ' s why they ' re called exploits .
would you suggest a black suit maybe ? it ' s with a pretty large company .
faith is big for many people . i ' m not the religious type , but i can see that life ' s burden feel more bearable when there is some kind of plan involved .
neither did the heat . they won without a traditional 5 for two years in a row .
oh man i ' m so happy . shutout the rangers and now the panthers are 2 goals ahead of the bruins ! now all we need is montreal to score another and beat the wings
yeah , i heard about that on the podcast , that ' s why i was careful to limit this to damage , which the charges give anyway . so desync should n ' t be too much of a problem .
that would also work . i ' m trying to find other work myself , but have had less luck so far .
they moved the world cup from the summer to december for this reason .
that ' s just neat to see the perspective of a sailor on boat shoes .
its just simple sportsmanship . damn you ' re all some salty ass pricks .
he ' s just worried that all the ice you guys are putting in them soft drinks is slowly sinking the company .
i agree . i do n ' t make art but i like to look at it and this kind of caught my eye .
actually yeah . my father died 2 weeks ago and i could n ' t afford to go home to the funeral .
hmm , i better cut back on coffee .
oh gross . i didnt even notice it till just now . just shave the man from the shoulders up .
it ' s also not as important because you ' ll be surrounded by thousands of people that are just as dirty , if not dirtier , than you are . you get to live free for four days , make the most of it
at a bar ? where people have been drinking ? and the seal has been broken . bar clearing brawls have started over less .
yeah , his transition from gay undertaker to straight serial killer was a little too seamless . definitely a real life sociopath !
yeah , he got a bad rap because of the trade . he was never as bad as people made him out to be .
ouch , rookie mistake . never put that money in your bank account , no matter how small time you are . always keep it with you or throw it in a safety deposit box .
we ' d have no need of governance , nor of war , nor crime . truly , if there is a heaven , he is one of the few i am sure has a place there .
nothing really . just wondering , when making these did you look at the dictionary or the flash cards i made before ?
i feel like they ' re a half size - full size up so i went 11 for an 11 . 5ish
same weapon except for a complexity sticker for me .
i did n ' t assume a thing . just said it freaked me out .
fire is a combination of heat , fuel and oxygen .
news flash : homophobia is a cultural norm in most parts of the world .
you never know man , thats why you play the games .
1st world technology , we have tuna cans with pull rings on the top
do you only play support ?
you probably sit in a tree . that ' s not hunting , that ' s squatting , listening to new new country on your mp3 player . i kill my food with a knife , up close and personal .
well i ' ll be . i thought we only had a skype group and steam group
it ' s not southern unless it ' s deer jerky . which , btw , is literally 1000x better than beef .
depends entirely on the store size and demand .
haha didnt think it was it was like 6 years ago i did it and i thought i remembered something about if something wasnt together just right it wouldnt work .
i think it does , this is damn cool !
some of us do n ' t plan on working in the states and we have to study what our school expects of us .
meh , it ' s easy to piss in the street without getting caught .
cringy for anyone who has ever removed a non - twist bottle cap .
yeah i guess its a bit different for ugly people online dating but i had no problems with it .
sure do , my girlfriend is thai and the chinese influence in thailand is huge .
did n ' t they say that the only team that they thought could beat the mavs in a series was the dubs that year ?
thanks man !
that is insane to think . that blew my mind but you ' re right . young man and only getting better . second best cb we have had since his red card vs city .
i ' m not sure why this got downvoted . this is the correct answer .
but most things already done by the government are better done by it than a private company .
i feel like i ' m in the same boat with you . life is hard .
fair enough , i was just curious .
yes , i am sure they will take kindly to being told how to cook . thank you .
how careful were you with the static ? did you touch metal every so often , not build on a carpet ? anti - static band ?
i guess what we think of as barbaric is subjective . i feel like psychological torture is a more cruel punishment .
i feel truly blessed , this shit is awesome .
seems like a lot more cursing than usual . i ' m guessing they never thought it would air .
bernie is running for president . i think if he was in the executive office he ' d be able to move the conversation in the right direction ! it would be a seismic shift !
nope , i watch very little actual television , i ca n ' t stand the advertising anymore , internet streaming has ruined me .
i just made an edit to my post because i just traded my copy away haha . cool just let me know
this is how i managed saturday tickets . all tickets were available when i ordered . my amiibo habits are making reddit the absolute fastest notification system .
i do n ' t know how to do that yet . care to enlighten me ?
i went there once when my daughter was about 5 . there were no niggers but the food in liberia is probably better . it was 2 hours of madness . i cannot imagine adding coons to the mix .
right because i ' m always looking over my shoulder when a black dude walks in the gas station with a sweater over a button down ? not .
lol well its still good to wait even if its not by choice . hmm that may work i probably just need to stretch more to lol
austria , perfect , i ' ll take whatever you wanna send . anything specific you want from here ? i ' m in california so i have access to good mexican stuff as well .
it just seems to be their style , always on the verge of complete hysteria . really annoying and childish .
he ' s too busy making incredibles 2 .
holy shit ! i had no idea this happened to other people .
not really , just poking fun at that almost every episode is the same . i still think it ' s a good show .
magic gave opportunities but bulls took full advantage .
i have n ' t seen a star note for years . this note i have , i have owned for over forty years . i have never seen another in all that time ; and i look for them .
sales will be legal in may 2016 , that was in the same bill .
my dreamcast and i have memories you cool people will never have .
good thing you do n ' t need teeth to eat bananas .
great idea , i will try that tomorrow as well . i definitely noticed how much smoother the ride was in 2nd rather than 1st .
the mother ' s eye - roll was the best part of that .
atheists eat their cereal dry .
oh no he ' s more than 1 . 5 times a human there . i was thinking in physical size haha .
not really . the only person he killed with his melee was the first one . you have to get a kill for the regen to proc without the helm .
salt and vinegar actually .
how long have you been itching to use that line ?
what did he do ? he hit the ball and ran . this isnt any mercy . grow the fuck up
state capital is albany .
no . they teased us so hard but both times jon did n ' t see them .
no , river
shoot out a tire . soak in gas . holy shit . i ' m trying that .
the idea that they committed treason may make for a good sound bite , but there is no real legal opinion that this happened .
i ' d like to get the upper part to come on during braking but i have no idea how i ' d go about making that happen
well i certainly thought that pearl ' s dress was ugly but in a kind of fetish way . ginger was bad taste but not ugly per se , because i can see her having that dress for real .
ah , stupid dell bloatware .
agreed . that curfew thing made me want to punch her .
bray wyatt is too cool of a heel to be a yankees fan . yankees fans are more like the wrestlers no one likes who wo n ' t go away and show up on tv every week , like the big show or john cena .
if you have n ' t chewed your fingers untill they bleed and then kept going , probably yes .
oh do n ' t worry , i ' ve heard some penn state fans say that he did all that was legal required . it takes a great man to do the absolute minimum to stop a child molester .
thanks , i ' ve taken to curling it to make it less flat against my face . i think curling it makes my face less long .
i ' m not really surprised the dmv let it through . prostitution is legal there after all .
that dude was aggressive as fuck , and with a baby in the back seat i would ' ve just hit him then kept going .
see , in finland your tax statements are public and your convictions are not . and in reality your conviction are much more private information than whatever income you have .
there is little difference between rape play and bdsm in terms of execution . you still need the same amount of consent , safety setup , as well as after care .
seriously , i would have given every single chelsea player there a yellow but that ' s probably because crowding the ref is my least favorite part about the sport .
9 is greater than or equal to 9 9 is not greater than 9 this is all very basic .
make it have a reddish extension beyond the original bar too !
im on kr server and man , i do wish they ' d open this globally . its kinda hard trying to defeat them korean overlords
this is just the first page . that ' s the little stings intro before the chanting comes in .
it ' s a sad state of affairs but politicians in na care more about their careers than the people .
the switch from being a baiting dog to a dog - fight dog happened in the 1800s . so they ' ve been bred to fight other dogs for well over a century .
that ' s what you have to work with , bud . dating is hard for everyone . it ' s something you just have to figure out like everyone else .
hold ma beer .
yea . no chance at a win , makes sense to give your team a better chance
i think enjoying killing makes you an asshole , period .
i like to have all these rookies on the team , much more exciting to watch this team than the one at the start of the year .
i literally just created a spotify account . for some dumb ass reason i always thought it cost money , glad to hear it does n ' t . i ' m extremely hyped right now .
yeah , could n ' t live his life the way he wanted to , fuck him !
exactly , i was thinking future feeder , because it looks like he ' s serving the food to her . super creepy .
just a nickname someone called me one day . i ' ve never set foot in the state .
the fact that there ' s no google play services ?
haha ca n ' t quite afford that but saw a lot of that car for sale but maybe a newer model
speak for yourself . chris is educating people and adding liquidity to the market .
yeah , i live north of you , but when i first moved here 10 years ago , san jose was known as one of the safest cities in the nation . that ' s how quickly things have gone downhill .
try playing the music inside the player before using the controls not sure why but that seems to solve most people ' s issues .
found another person who did n ' t read the article
i ' d suggest afl too , i was only suggesting league because the season is on , i did n ' t realise that afl starts back up in the next few days also
in japan , its god given
jeez . just saw that . if they would actually have moderators , seems like it ' d be decent . at least they show user content .
there are n ' t any . stop trying to play the ending . you have to go through the whole story in the time it happens .
would you think i was crazy if i told you i thought you were a guy up until now ?
clegg had a point though . even if you dislike the tories , they did get the most seats . they had the right to seek the formation of a government .
i think the stache is a bit over the top . its actually hilarious . lol like a young guy trying to look old .
very true . ba and obp were down second half of last year .
if a character gets wet , they are only wet where the water touched them .
nah i do n ' t like my odds in that bet . very good coaches coupled with very good management can easily find a way to get 9 wins or so even when they ' re transitioning .
then again , it does have escape from the city . that alone should be enough to make it legal
it ' s black ?
i am wondering if they ' re preparing us for his death . dammit .
i did n ' t notice that , when working on e - commerce stuff thinking of bugs even can be scary , i hope stripe have the full record of transactions
why you envious ? she has no fat , which is nice , but she has no curves , no muscle , no definition . with a little work in the squat rack , you can look way better than her
oh cool , ill have a look
i mean mega man appeared in the series a couple times i ' m pretty sure . so it ' s not out of the question .
call it a super signature move then , whatever . point is , it ' s a clutch move that ' s only used in a big match situation , ala , orton ' s punt .
i ' m assuming you ' re female ? if so , look on the flat surfaces of the closest male counterparts room .
if you know a voter ' s best interests better than the voter does , why should we even bother with democracy ? should n ' t you just appoint our leaders ?
i know ! it ' s one thing to lose a bunch of challenges , but to be kicked off for being paired with shitty partners twice is just salt in the wound . i ' m rooting for her , too !
the nvidia shield handheld has active cooling which is part of how it can achieve its performance . without that it would be too hot or a lot heavier from a larger heatsink .
give the kid a break . he ' s grounded so he ca n ' t see his girlfriend right now .
you could use costco ' s legal services too , you know , to save money !
lots of people are experiencing high cpu temperatures while playing . i wouldnt be surprised if the same is happening to you .
you ' d think at some point they lock the page .
in my school , anyone can speak anything anyday . so a guy spoke about net neutrality .
being able to guard the pick and roll well does n ' t make you a defensive anchor , bosh has never been a defensive anchor .
or keep him around and trade him down the road , theres still so many to come , may our wallets rest in peace .
i also really like the glider wings idea . either way , i do n ' t want flying , just some fun jumping from high things .
huh , that ' s brutal , the ring could at least choose a good time to leave .
this would be huge . as soon as the pitcher has the ball he should be able to throw his pitch . this alone would keep the batter in the box .
if i got the amount of crap bieber does i think i ' d get pretty arrogant too . arrogance is a defence mechanism .
i agree with you .
what ' s wrong with being a slut ?
legit . lose early game , farm mid game and dominate late game . still needs wards and smoke to pull this off .
yeah , and each disc had two tracks and two cars . seriously bad game but crashing so fun
points leader is n ' t the same as team leader .
she ' s an awesome lady . we still tease my dad about it , too .
we ' re also comfortably rolling 4 lines every game , which is a huge plus .
yeah but , see , to me , that does n ' t sound like such a bad thing .
read the fucking article and stop pushing your own agenda .
that ' s great to hear as i will have to bring my girlfriend with me : d
dude it ' s because snow keeps getting all over the picture but none of these lazy non - 90 ' s kids are willing to shovel it for my money .
this moment hit even harder because the show is so light most of the time . the tears came out of no where .
i dont think they ca n ' t ball hard i just think they may be the weakest of the number 1 ' s
am i too late for the party ? i can bring the car .
yeah , it ' s stupid . but that does seem to happen , especially in large subs with fans from many different fan bases , not that that ' s an excuse .
ah cool , i was unfamiliar with the name
idk about him , but doing the same thing i developed a game the system mentality .
no i have played all of the big 4 . i just like very neat borders .
tbh , i still feel like i am fighting fearless machines .
hah yeah him too . 3 great names on a great title . it really is a shame .
2 . 5 mm or 3 . 5 ? because i have pc headphones that dont hook up to my amplifier , because we have a projector .
very good point . you better start getting good with your excuses then .
but that does n ' t feel good , at all . it ' s just pulling my skin , which is uncomfortable .
the suede feels great and i ' m really liking the colour as well . i have slightly wide feet and got true to size and it ' s a bit tight but not uncomfortable .
pla , and i do n ' t think it will get hot enough on the russian to be a problem . admittedly , i checked it for warping several times before i was confident with it .
downvote this person if you ' d like , but they speak the truth .
those would not make earth less habitable than mars .
that sounds like it would work well if the lid is closed . i make iced tea that way . but then , i am into this slow cooking stuff out of laziness .
i have done this with my gecko and it works well .
bitter jury members get no respect from me , but yea might get zach ' s wheels turning . he already wanted sarah next week anyway though .
there was a study a while back , found surgeons were better at their jobs if they played video games . on mobile or i ' d link it .
japanese car parts are n ' t bad in general . if you ' re looking to avoid expensive maintenance , that ' s the way to go . avoid european brands at all costs .
the only thing that ' s going to be black and blue is your face after the white and gold army arrives !
i ' ll have to read the stories you ' ve posted .
i ' m happy we finally have someone who wo n ' t play touch football on defense .
as long as austria would remain neutral . still , a very good deal .
caps will be great for holding grid and taking a node .
i ' ll def get one if someone will sell it to me for around 100 - 150 . hopefully they ' ll come up for trade soon !
nope , nothing on face at all , i cycle so it faces the cold a lot though
yea , it ' s annoying . i ' m still planning on collecting as many characters as i can , but there ' s really not enough space .
she does n ' t strike me as a big car person though .
or i could , ya know , just not eat meat . it ' s a much cheaper option !
for a movie like this , with a virtually unlimited budget , i hope someone would take the time to go through the old cast list and see if there is anyone else to bring in .
no hetero , he ' s pretty hot
that was me for a while in high school , but i ca n ' t imagine waiting until 21 in college .
no , the relationship was fucked from the start . it was a lot worse than this .
i ' m not your buddy , guy
truth . just like it is today , i imagine it will be an ever - evolving battle .
it should also be noted that many companies wo n ' t increase pay simply because they can . for many minimum wage is the maximum wage no matter what the profit .
just my opinion but i think brady should admit he did something wrong , accept his punishment like a man , and move on .
do n ' t get acute with me , buddy .
my potions are too strong for you , traveller .
yeah , i imagine it ' d be pretty strange for hoyer and mallett hearing that down in houston .
i like to think that it ' s just the same van orbiting the earth , and she catches it as it comes back around . i doubt punisher has insurance for that .
well , being fired anyday will give them the entire rest of the week to cool down .
i just recognized him too . this is awesome ! looking good , man ! what ' s even better is that you ' re happy with it ! changing things up with a makeover is a blast , ai n ' t it ?
so you ' ve never watched a movie and then quoted funny parts after with your friends ?
i feel like boat shoes , by nature , are n ' t great for walking the long distances implied by backpacking .
that ' s pretty much it . people love being playing the victim card . they even tossed in a few race cards into the deck .
unlucky man , we ' re all fucked .
because moving troops into another countries territory without permission is more or less a declaration of war ?
weed with meth and pcp sprinkled in ?
if they run a sub 5 40 they will catch you . you could n ' t run that pace for one second , you ' re not that fast . endurance will never be a factor .
last repost i tried was 7 months .
exactly why i dislike them . in my dealing with them their rude and have a sense of superiority
you ' re missing the point . just because you did n ' t like halo 4 does n ' t equal failed launch . everything function the way it was designed to . the mcc on the other hand did n ' t
i ' ve read that chapter backwards and forwards and i do not .
this is not the case at target . it ' s done by store employees . usually a cashier during slow times .
their website does n ' t say they ' re open , so i ' ve always assumed they ' re closed .
the very first one listed is in maple grove , minnesota ; a suburb of minneapolis .
exactly this comment . you cannot dictate what she decides to do with her life that is not how a relationship works . you can break up with her if this concerns you so much ?
i hope you ' re feeling better soon . if you ' re still numb , be careful of any chewing - you do n ' t want to be accidentally chewing on your lip , cheek , or tongue .
would n ' t you rather move to ireland ? i mean , you ' re used to living among the irish . ayy lmao
yep , i use to use the smash yoshi ' s chips but i ' ve found its actually a lot easier to pry open the super mario yoshi haha
it will really hurt if they snub him year 1 . im obviously biased but i just ca n ' t see how you do n ' t vote him in 1st ballot .
how does that make me a degenerate ? sorry for being my own boss and working my own hours . independent consultant yo .
civ 5 is great . i ' ve clocked so much time playing it , but i still need to get the brave new world expansion .
i feel like it would be better as a show .
i like the idea of vasquez , ross and johnson as our 123 off the bench
do n ' t say anything rational in this thread regarding the stupidity of this joke or you ' ll get downvoted . if there ' s a reasonable explanation to a joke , then the joke is n ' t funny .
that means she was n ' t using the correct strategy of piling them onto her forearm .
so where its okay to buy you ' re okay with it ?
do you have a source or strong evidence to support the statement that we are throwing away more than we produce ?
i feel like there ' s so many holes for the saints to fill that our first round picks are going to be a lose - lose situation no matter what we do .
it was n ' t cool at all ! he just shit on hourly call center employees again while trying to apologize . what the hell ?
you could say an average of 1 . 44 blocks per day , but a block does n ' t equal 1 btc . right now a block is 25 btc , and halves about every 4 years .
it would totally make a great pally set though . now if only i could get by wearing mail .
you should read my response post below . we are agreed that he ' s moved on already .
well i beat him and it was easy to parry him with the item causing my bullets to do more damage , which is why i ' m asking . i only have 8 bt i think .
oh man all of the research you posted that contradicts the research in my post has me convinced . oh wait .
i ' ve driven a pickup truck in the winter before and it scares me how easy it is to loose control compared to my car . you ' re still right about trucks taking impacts better though .
it used to be about half the width and it was just a plank leaning against the rock .
yeah , i ' ve just played the game for so long that the engineer report is never on my mind .
yup . played like 20 games with him . the 10 games where he was a sole striker , he literally was invisible . the other games he was so op .
well then , there are laws about where you can place outlets and then they ' re wrong on that front too . this school is out of line .
where do i find the true damage ?
i will when i have the money saved to do so .
that would be fun to see xd but sadly i ca n ' t ask peoples to show themselves on the internet for that .
yeah that ' s the one problem i ' ve faced . you ' re so limited to the shoes you can find .
ah yes ! i stop over here when i bike back from the east side .
show me where the leader of hamas says that they do n ' t stick by the charter anymore .
same here , i ' ve never had a problem with salmon . i just make sure it ' s cooled completely before i store it .
i aint gonna go around callin the album trash or anything like i would a big sean tape . just could n ' t feel the sound of this compared to his earlier work at all .
where did you get your law degree ?
same lmao . i ' m eating lunch on break at work . almost spit out my chicken
ok , weekend would be preferable . whereabouts in york ? ahh , current have though . i ' m looking for the trinity as well as pit and mk .
my professor gave us the sheet , holy shit i feel bad for the people who did n ' t get the sheet
i like distortion on purpose , but this is more just like too - close - to - the crappy - mic kind of distortion . i get annoyingly hung up on stuff like that .
shush yo face , you would n ' t have done shit .
i know , but i wanted to head it off before someone argued they were a special creative snowflake .
he is also the worlds hero mr satan !
yes , and plus i ' m totally confident that the orangered army will come back and win the whole war .
macho man was my second thought , ultimate warrior was my first . always super intense , even though nothing he ever said made any kind of sense .
greasy is a very dirty connotation in english . my students were using it positively to describe a man ' s appearance .
regarding morgana , i really think she is such a powerful , gameplay making pick . you see her do very well when played right and teams like clg and tsm have been perma banning her lately .
nope , just plain ole geography . my teacher was a great teacher , and we got a brief history of all of the areas of the world .
i ' ll keep that in mind !
youtube guy who mostly makes strat vids for content and also stuff about upcoming content .
you know what i have not even given that a thought , he really has become something all together in this game , this team he ' s on is just working so well around him .
fuck eddie was gold . best part of his season .
unless you ' re seated in the back and everyone yells at you to sit down .
this was close to 20 years ago . maybe they ' ve changed the laws or dui just was n ' t as big a deal then .
if we followed te constitution word for word our country would be absolute terrible to live in .
playoff guarantee ? his own team missed the playoffs this year
he just posted it on twitter , that ' s why i thought it was recent .
iran exists due to israel ' s settlements ?
yea , i feel the same way about it . it ' s very enjoyable to watch , but they just do n ' t make sense all the time and it bugs me .
what ' s the point of using the forgotten realms license if you ' re not going to use the most recognizable characters ?
rental prices are far too high as they are . i do n ' t think this is as big a problem as people think it will be .
how is marxist north korea a civilized nation ?
i literally just found it , i imagine its way too early for him tho killed me instantly lmao
my fault i ' ll show myself out now . thought you were still at the shoe store .
not a fan of mac n cheese . butts are cool though
oooh . alright . starting the collection now for next year ' s car .
i ' ve only recently gotten to the point where jalapenos do n ' t really phase me anymore . the two ghost pepper tacos i had back in october felt like they damn near killed me : p
they can bill me !
by the time they got to minneapolis , wu tang wasnt on the tour for some reason . it was just rage and atari teenage riot .
i think i will regret buying it . i already regret not having bought it already . edit : i meant regret not buying it !
if you listen close you can hear the sound of vagina drying up . : d
did the dirty work !
i dont post for upvotes kid . read the title before you jump to conclusions dumbass
perfectly reasonable . just thought i ' d pitch it in case . hiatus mode engage , i guess .
used to be in my school ' s team in grade school and played a little as a stand - in in high school . i do n ' t follow the pros much though .
nope . the transition to filtering requires we wipe character data .
exactly , last season the story was in whatever they were doing based off of slight god intervention , now its them doing pre planned things watching pre planned events unfold around them .
the rate seems fairly steady , however the amount of resist on your gear increases the bar itself a significant amount
from where ? the thing is discontinued .
just a randomly generated 4 digit number .
he had smoke speed buff and could have just run her down to get in range for hook whenever he was ready . he did some small steps to the side to be out of the range for the smoke to break .
the taste is super light and subtle . for some that is bad but for most it is better than an overly powerful flavor . what flavors did you try ?
i ' m not very informed , but are n ' t the palestinian authority and hamas separate things ?
well um that ' s your opinion man
genesis does what nintendo n ' t
he ' s probably started smoking pot to deal with the stress of losing superbowls
not my video . but yea , i would ' ve been scared of breaking that ice !
yeah , it seems like there are 8 slices in one quarter , so 32 in total . and each slice would probably work as one pizza by itself
you are correct - it ' s not required . it is , however , preferable to have a well connected node if you ' re listening for unconfirmed transactions .
yep . anyone can throw the ball behind or sideways . it ' s called at lateral . basically like a ruby pass .
you were one of those weird ass otaku kids who wore cat ears and tails to school , did n ' t you ?
so how is it with your family ? is it like that mcdonald ' s commercial ? godspeed , my mexican - american friend . godspeed .
i guess so , i had never posted there before and saw all you guys posting there . oops .
you ca n ' t outrun a ghost .
i ' m only a month and a half into being 22 , i do n ' t remember half the people ' s names who gave me shit in high school .
i ' m good with every continent except for africa , though it ' s not like they really matter anyway .
i ' d go with a puppy first . women love puppies .
you should read bleeding talent by tim kane . it discusses that paradox directly .
honestly while morgana did work great faker played the match up perfectly and if bengi , wolf and bang did n ' t shit the bed in game 5 i believe the game could have been a lot closer .
he ' s a huge dirty projectors fan , too .
he can game plan just fine . he did n ' t have the players , most were injured .
which is really sad because so many office jobs that require a bachelor ' s degree these days can still easily be done by high school grads .
there are a handful of cpu only coins . but like i said , its pennies a week .
what would happen if a big and bad inmate came across a smelly inmate ?
he ' s quite charismatic and has an extremely high football iq , like ridiculously high . i dont know what the hell you ' re talking about .
yeah well all big team fans have to face it when their team fucks up . nothing new .
big on attitude , small on information .
i do realize that , i was thinking purely in the context of the two month period it can make a difference at football games .
wow , that ' s great news ! so i can basically do whatever i want as long as i do n ' t harm anyone on purpose ? life just got a lot more fun !
they take over a larger portion of paying for things and that leads to lower levels of taxation for lower income earners .
i was trying to point out a flaw in the definition not in aa .
yes , she ' s a poorly written 2d character , and all the men around her are not . which is bullshit . she may as well be the wife from every body loves raymond .
thanks very much ! fingers crossed but feeling confident .
i think it was originally made to find out if you have a long term answer to that . but i guess it works . anyone lower needs , a , great , supporting cast the lower they get
a bullet fires through the crowd from the other side of the store , where the man who was shooting from inside must have been , next to the bandages . he is standing guard of the two exits .
you can argue his point , but talking about spelling or punctuation is plain dumb . this is a reddit post , not a cover letter . dipshit .
yeah , likewise . but my parents also knew my girlfriend .
lotr is the first part of one long story .
i was one of those . i exercised my rights and moved on with my opinions . events of his reign have shown him a worthy leader . but i do reserve my right to diss him and anyone i set my mind to .
if there was a air leak at the top , why would it cause the air hole at the bottom to leak ?
my character is my first xenoverse character : p
wrong dude . primaries drop on hard , special and heavies drop on normal .
later on in the program they show a solar shower , did you watch the whole thing bro ?
he is under contract through 2017 . i was making light of conversations on this message board .
great ! let me know what time is best for you .
maybe its in your monitor settings ? my monitor has the option to horizontally and vertically pan left and right .
games do n ' t get out of hand on his watch .
i started drinking when i was around 16 , and smoking when 17 . weed came late into my 18th year .
ah . while i see your point i disagree . is n ' t it much cheaper for an insurance company to prevent a condition than to treat it ? a pregnancy and birth cost a lot more than bc .
haha , you ' re too sweet . happy you think so !
lol the road was long , but i was determined to get a shot at it ! my sweat and tears paid off in the end ! good luck !
unfortunately , not every joke will please everyone .
the reason you ' ve probably seen mixed answers is that it used to sort of work that way in the original generation ii games . it has not worked that way since . the answer is definitely no .
you know he ' s still linking to comments on his twitter , right ? it was n ' t only comments in rl article threads that he was linking to .
maybe the find me text was supposed to be in reference to shadow bonnie ?
when playing the game i thought they were gonna fall in love at the end and have kids , then that twist hit me right in the head
pretty sure you were scheduling us as a cupcake and paying us to be a feel - good blowout .
lol great choice .
where can i start these ? or even slayer ? sorry i ' m really a noob at rs3
i actually enjoyed their bock . also agreed , the porter is nice .
i ' m am only child and never wanted any siblings . i had cousins and friends to spend time with and all the personal time i wanted . it was pretty great .
our second or third pick man haha , not overall . edit : realized i did n ' t mention i ' m a celtics fan . our second pick is late twenties and or third is in the top 4 of the second round .
for the computer , you need to do it in the bios . how to do it depends on your computer though , so just look it up online .
yeah got something similar cooked up . it also has a slight leak already , but only if i blow in it or wash it .
you are such a good person .
i ' ve never personally heard from a northerner who moved south and did n ' t instantly want to run back home . the horror stories are quite entertaining though .
yeah i wear that out . people shoot looks but i like it , so i wear it . the shorts are definitely my most , uh , adventurous piece , lol . i do n ' t dress like this every day .
if black star does n ' t bother you than the dub for soul eater is perfect .
that ' s what i mean though . could n ' t you make it look like you had your bank account hacked and someone stole the money ?
until they make a movie about his airport life , like that tom hanks one .
once he gets the reputation he ' ll get some respect from the refs and let him really play d like he wants to
i buy 5 gallon bottles of spring water that comes from a local underground natural spring in florida . of course they could be cheating but how would i know ?
are you in a meeting or in a really quiet restaurant ? ' cause i find those are the best places to test it .
this post showing up just now is kinda freaking me out . i literally started watch steins gate within about 30 minutes of when this was originally posted .
ding ding ding ! a few of my friends did it , the one night i could n ' t join in on the mischief . they are ridiculously heavy and it took 4 people to move this 3 foot tall lion .
we take what you give us man . if you ' re unhappy with auburn players education levels , you guys should start going after smarter recruits .
no effect on top speed , provided enough time to reach it . heavy bikes get there slower , but given same power and same drag , will eventually get to the same speed
no this is gonna be the one where they add corruption meters to national team managers .
i had to earn mine also . and by that i mean i had to pay for it .
every time i go to write a reply i find that you have already replied with what i was going to say .
i feel like eli is n ' t as clutch as he used to be . there was a time when you could n ' t give him the ball with a minute to go in the fourth . now , you can take your chances .
i thought it was a man tipping a stripper on a pole .
so then you are n ' t pro prostitute ?
that ' s a glitch in . 55 . sometimes doors are closed for zombies but open for you . it ' s weird .
in response , i stifle the call .
i got nothing better to do so i ' m gonna keep trying . what am gonna do instead ? pay attention ?
you ' ve never cleaned a public bathroom have you ?
that part hurt like hell for me . nobody should have to go through the experience of a finger - width tube being pulled out through their chest o _ o
what alcohol does one pair with smoked fish ?
i was going to make a pedophile joke , but i feel like i ' d be coming in a little behind .
when someone does something belligerent and degrading , do n ' t expect a fucking cease and desist letter .
do you wanna elaborate as to why you think any other jungler will insta die at 255 ? cause i fail to see why .
most likely this , particularly bad thumb position which would put a lot of pressure on your wrists on good ball contact and way more when you hit it fat .
it still does n ' t matter though . superman is n ' t somehow invulnerable to physical damage , and goku has some pretty big feats . like punching through king kai ' s planet .
the russians are a partial investor , but do not have a controlling stake in the company . not that it really matters .
they do a good job . you should re post it here !
glove compartment . title and registration . insurance proof . usually has your address .
false god .
tas is the man ! wish he ' d play tournaments .
i think i missed what was going on with the abc agencies if that is the case . any care to enlighten me on what i was being distracted from ?
glad to hear . hoping all the best for you and your mom !
i think he stays if they get lma or another big free agent . make one more playoff push and then call it quits .
i did notice that about iowa when trying to decide between a bb gun or a compound bow for my kid for christmas . you can guess which one we went with based on our state .
well , you saw what happened the last time they assumed she was telling the truth .
build , mine , gather resources and general base work . i ' ve been in big factions as the main base bitch , so i can put in a lot of work .
well someone can come stab you from behind in csgo , you cant use sound to your advantage in lol .
i ' ll only post it when we are n ' t facing another reddit clan .
chelsea are actually further ahead of 2nd place than celtic are with an extra game in hand , pretty impressive
you guys were on fire that year with the seasons show . the soprano duet in summertime was awesome .
metal fume fever ?
ok . so i was away for a couple hours and started up with no problem , connected just like you said . hopefully it stays that way , it ' s super convenient .
ah , damn . well there goes that plan .
ever had subway , so little meat on those subs , like a few measly slices , yeah , high ratios . dominos too , that is not thin crust . bread is a good money maker , cheap and takes up space .
you cannot counter mana abilities .
that ' s a bit of a narc solution . it ' s bloodshed or nothing . jokes .
the hundreds of millions of dollars earned for last night ' s fight contradicts your notion that only a handful of people enjoy watching mayweather ' s style .
then they get no sales from countries where the prices would be exorbitant , and people in those countries would just pirate everything .
certain developing countries . but that ' s due to the formation of a previously nonexistent middle class .
great idea , i will have to look into seeing if it is available !
when i worked for dish i installed tv in a taco stand . it was owned by a nice mexican couple . but was in oregon .
have you seen the rgb ones ? my living room can be any colour : d
snoop got high a long time ago , and i hope he never comes down .
we get to make a wish if we get a to many men on ice penalty .
they are not offering single day tickets for sunday ? i would have considered heading up there too
if the eu gets its way with no more region locking , you ' ll be able to bypass it with a vpn for digital goods , so that ' s something
i might do that . i need a new show to watch while i ' m dying of boredom at work lol .
i am not sure water pollution does but since ground and air pollution lowers land value i guess it would .
it ' s alright . we play like 3 - 4 times a week and usually have one or two spots open . i ' ll be sure to post again or shoot you a pm next time
trainers are still under contract and this is a free to work state . no one has guaranteed job security .
same . it ' s rarely this bad though . like , i feel legitimately more tired than i did before bed . and i was fucking beat then .
that would be such an awesome band name .
no i got ya , woulda been funny if he took payment from both of us on it
i worked at a graduation announcement place in manhattan . we sold them to schools all across the country .
i ' m not offended , i just do n ' t understand the point of nudity to show you ' ve lost weight .
wat . meta centric ? that ' s why it ' s the meta , because most people play it .
yeah , the way they handle a roads splitting off is n ' t allowing the most creative road work
when you taste it , take a very small bite at first .
then you did n ' t have the game won . you had your chances but failed to take them .
in columbus too . its rare to see an actual red hydrant here . some suburbs use blue and white ones .
ah , domestic bliss . enjoy your pancake free trip to ikea .
it sounds like something somebody would write just before maxing out multiple credit cards on a pyramid scheme .
you can refuse a breathalyzer at any time , on the street , or in the station . you can also refuse to submit to a field sobriety test , which is also an excellent choice .
hes probably not as handsome now . didnt they supposedly shoot him in the face or jaw ?
i ' ll give that try . just trying to get my family back into boxing again .
because i ' m a social person who does normal things , but i ' m not going to go to a convention where i ' m guaranteed to feel awkward as fuck for other people
mine is in the colored part of my eye .
i saw some swimming around when i went took the picture !
it ' s kind of difficult to judge tommen ' s level of intelligence because , you know , he ' s nine .
grizzlies always play this physical . but i get it , we never get grizz games in the east its bs
so people who get digital deluxe post release get better shit than me ?
it was n ' t in the original sentencing . my probation officer sent me there , so i ' m sure the courts will have that information when it ' s my turn to speak to the judge .
i mean , he just had his best season from a team and individual standpoint playing pg all year , so he is probably ok with it .
there ' s really only two , consumer level cpu manufacturers nowadays .
good job sacred ! best training cheers to you brother !
with that logic , if the man has a single sip of alcohol , she ' s also raping him . so two drunk people hooking up is a double rape .
yes , extremely annoying . i ' ve found that i have to format the sd card before every print and that seems to keep it printing okay . annoying to do , but no stopping prints
you can always try putting them in their place like you did but the best solution is to cut them out of your life . the drama and lies and backhanded comments really do just go away .
if you still wanted to trade fang for marshal i ' d be willing to trade with you ! is he in a cycling town ?
just because they did n ' t know does n ' t mean it was n ' t spoiled . i would n ' t have even brought the issue up if the op had expressed remorse . please stop downvoting me .
you do n ' t have to be a tax payer for country x to care that misusing intended relief funds is dishonest .
it ca n ' t possibly be his fault . it ' ll be some corporation or industry somewhere enticing him into idiocy .
super nintendo barbie game if i ' m not mistaken could be nes
if you give yourself enough space between vehicles , this should n ' t happen .
he should wear a shock collar to correct him every time he uses a word he does n ' t know the meaning of .
maybe luck would get creamed behind that line . who knows .
wish that we would have used our money more too , but the fact that we were able to accomplish as much as we did is very impressive and gives me a lot of hope .
wait seriously ? what ' s the point of having security if they do n ' t have a means of keeping things secure when shit goes down ?
woah hold up why even draft him then ?
i suppose you ' re right , i did n ' t think about the added traction because of the increased friction on the road due to weight . that ' s a good observation
i think he is too far gone for the helmet , he obviously has hit his head a few times already .
i ' ve always wanted to take a shit on someone ' s doormat for them to find in the morning . i probably wo n ' t do anything though , i ' d rather just let karma do the work .
i just watched it for first time i usually watch cable programs but glad i seen this !
food does n ' t make you fat . eating too much of it does .
nevermind , perhaps it was just the base ment seed that was glitched ? i started a new run and they work fine now .
are there anymore books you can suggest ?
really ? i loved waving that light gun in my friend ' s face as how cool the sms was .
my opinion matters , actually . per the sidebar , i have the right to moderate at my discretion . i do n ' t think this is cringe - worthy and i can remove this post . have a nice day .
in oot and so forth you sorta do the same thing though , except you were forced to keep pushing the stick up .
picturing it in my head now . damn that would look awesome . so want to see that .
clarity buff , imo . makes it much easier to use clarity now , even without red mana .
i do n ' t think so , the resource monitor does n ' t say parked . is there another way to tell ? also during the game all of the cpus tend to function .
i wish , i ' m not very talented at swimming so i was scared and did not jump . some of my friends did though , and they enjoyed it
just as you anarchists can continue to remain ignorant about any political or economic philosophy that is n ' t related to anarchism .
the thing is , i ' m not tilting . i do mess up occasionally , but my score has always been positive for the last several games . it ' s a few rotten apples in the bunch that ruins the game .
that ' s the plot of baby geniuses !
oh no , the bf was instructed to take a walk , and dump the weed in the lake .
i thought grindr was free ?
links to what ? do i need to record a video ? how can i show it ?
minecraft works on the vita .
i do n ' t think i have worn famous since middle school 12 years ago , but nice try . not that it would matter anyway .
crazy . the baseball gods are in full force tonight .
that is a real patriotic sentiment . seriously , what type of jackass actually hopes for the government and country to fail rather than vote for someone they do not like ?
well you ca n ' t all live in miami , right ?
i work in the production department for a news station . i got super lucky and was hired out of highschool . but i still work my ass off and have been promoted a couple of times .
do n ' t forget to wash your balls .
billions of people living in very concentrated cities equals shit holes .
i enjoy those a lot actually . binding of isaac and rogue legacy get more play than anything else on my vita .
good point ! i had n ' t thought of that
i was also trying to imply that since there had been zombie movies for so long , people are afraid the dead would start attacking at any moment and live their whole lives terrified .
19 is a pretty young age to pick for that arbitrary cutoff .
so you enjoy dying for a little piece of land russia just stole ?
i do n ' t know why you ' re being downvoted . i also only have one apple tree , and it bears fruit , too .
the winner for dlc and emotion to me was fo3 . the winner for environment and feel was new vegas .
how so ? but the life without them is better .
the issue is , if it ' s ready to go , give it to pc already .
and you take the same measures on your phone , other computers , payments , you trust all your hardware and drivers ? a vpn is just a tool , it does not guarantee privacy .
or doing some weird hand shaky thing above the chopped up meat . its so confusing .
watch out , those prophets are more dangerous than they seem . luckily , this player realized they need to be held with force .
my former church believed this . every bonding of sperm and egg was a divine treasure and needed to be saved no matter what the cost .
friend pls .
outside of the circle jerk you live in , it ' s going strong .
mra : a poorly read feminist . lol
how many gallons of liquid did you use per pound of honey ?
why would you feel bad for me ? i did n ' t do it to make fun of his situation .
yeah , but then you ' re just leaving the water running for 16 minutes .
just need the hunter helm , ill still run it to hel people on my list if they want though .
yeah they were farm birds . i wanted to work her on some birds which is tough in the late winter in northern wisconsin
i think 0 - 2 days notice works if you ' re both free , and do n ' t feel ashamed or think it looks poorly on you by admitting you had some free time .
some people of any gender are like this . even crazy men can act on their craziness . what ' s your point ?
sent ! i work at an old game store , so i have a few good things
i did n ' t know whether to laugh or cry when that play happened .
afraid the data - mined info shows it being only main - hand . i ' ll provide a link to the reddit post and an imgur picture of the skills in my reply right above this , if you ' re interested .
they do n ' t . it ' s soft and thin . does n ' t feel unusual at all .
i ' ve been seeing these responses a lot , i ' m going to have to start taking my friend ' s opinions who i consider more car - audio savvy with a grain of salt .
yes , and after so long this turkish newspaper is the only source to claim this . that makes it still pretty dubious .
i completely agree . it was just annoying at the time seeing several tests fail purely because of the line endings .
i agree . reggie ' s not great , but c webb is right about the same level . i think people on reddit like him because he ' s chill , but i dont watch basketball to get chill .
gta v , at least , does not allow any mods into the online play , afaik . so any gta v mod that lets you rape other players is certainly a hoax .
yup . btw congrats on keeping them where they belong .
hahaha , i hate dying ! i think it ' s at level 49 . as well as some hp runes . i really do n ' t like dying lol .
good luck on match day . hope you find a good department .
i hope you showed her this . i ' m sure once she realized that you did n ' t like emptying the dishwasher she would have changed her mind .
yep . at the end of the first ep i realized i just could not accept the premise . had to move on .
her masters is n ' t in anything health related .
haha , thanks for feedback appreciated - will play with other options .
rally ? i know a lot of guys with long hair , myself included and generally they seem clean . but i get the unstable part .
do you even see the irony in your statement ?
exactly right . 2 players from each club per team
i think that bit was referring to the post . it ' s sad because junior was trying to be a son but walt did n ' t acknowledge it was him even though he did n ' t actually know who jesse was .
should n ' t take any longer than 10 minutes after you sign up .
they do , it ' s called signal outside of large cities .
i am very happy about the new dog indeed ! he will turn two years old in just a few days and has tons of energy according to his foster parents .
looks like he was banned , not just up and left .
no , but 1 is opposite 20 etc .
being an a - hole is not illegal . also , he ' s not being an a - hole . but mostly i ' d like you to meditate on the part about being an a - hole not being illegal .
i ' ve seen people roleplay a space marine joint attack force featuring squads representing different chapters , it ' s worked out pretty cool .
if only we could have 4 of these games a year !
yellow jacket , but close enough .
i have to wait until i have a day off to do that , and as of right now that ' s about two weeks out . i ' m an ohio historical society member though , so at least those wo n ' t be expensive .
your wording is better than mine . that ' s more or less what i meant to say , my comment is a bit harsh maybe .
the uni is also noise cancelling according to their site .
i have , and did enjoy them !
that would be bad ass . walking around with an axe necklace
i ' m glad it would be an ego buster to do such a great performance and not get a call back . just imagine if that was n ' t even his a game .
psychiatrists are n ' t big on snap . it ' s their clients who are usually snapping right and left .
i ' m lanky and i ' ve never been in a fight . i think that if i had done something about it it would have ended badly for me lol
that ' s great to hear ! what kind of planes did he fly for the navy ?
shut your fucking face , uncle fucker !
there is no way the air 540 is fitting in an overhead compartment .
what a coincidence , that ' s ferret logic as well !
god yes ! i am right there with you
it really is weird . i ca n ' t say i ' m very familiar with her myself , outside of knowing the basics , but i at least know she was n ' t some monster that existed solely to profit off lennon .
i think it ' s just that there are a lot more motorcycles in california generally , so they are n ' t a novelty , as such .
and they seemed to be the real deal ?
he is presumed innocent by the government . the federal government has an obligation to retrieve soldiers .
i remembered the finish , but it was answered . shawn v bret was the iron man match .
low and slow at 225 till i get internal temp of 115 , then transfer to direct heat and apply butter glaze on both sides till i get to 130 - 140
that ' s my point . since we are embarrassed to sweat in public , we would be embarrassed to pant in public .
the hydrogen molecules are smaller than the oxygen molecule , so they are actually half negatives . you need to add them before you multiply .
he plays around 250 . he surely is n ' t an every down starter until he can sustain weight . 3rd down specialist .
always wondered this . is that even possible on a stationary aircraft , aircraft mechanics ?
good luck man !
i ' m getting body work and paint done before i sell it .
that ' s a cool show . ca n ' t wait for the second season !
i ca n ' t even read the clock on my tv . it ' s all fuzzy . the score is fine though . odd .
not yet , i need to order the cue lever , they were on back order for a while . i do n ' t think the stylus is bent and i ' m hearing the music in stereo , so i guess i ' m good . thank you .
sending him back to iraq is still a de - facto death sentence , so no . we do n ' t murder people simply because they are a potential menace to society . that ' s sharia law stuff .
yeah , you can find free parking for sure . if money is an issue , contact me and ill tell you where .
what i see most commonly going about my everyday business , which is donut
how can you not hate him if he ' s not on your team ? he drives me up the fucking wall .
i dice up one apple and mix it in with a little cinnamon . simple , but delicious . bananas work as well
yes . fun fact : similar cactus pears are native to california and eating more of them would significantly help with the state ' s current drought crisis .
i ' d rather deal with traffic than weather in the winter . plus edmonton ' s transit system also leaves something to be desired when it comes to being able to travel to many parts of the city .
you mean both ? two games , one being an expansion on the other , is not the same as making every figure work in a dozen fully different games .
for sure do it man , you definitely wo n ' t be disappointed .
yeah he and d - mo done for the year . bev said he would come back if they make a run though
all faked . no proof that they are faked , just a quick dismissal . must be nice !
in this case it ' s called a half cadence because of the specific chord it ends on in relation to the key of the song .
good point but shes also making 2 - 3 million a year on her tv show which does n ' t look like it ' s going to be canceled anytime soon , she has a safety net
eh , i disagree . it was n ' t high brow , but it was still clever satire .
if i only had that option ! i might stop in the middle of the country and never come back to jersey
source ?
brown is best viewed in contrast environments like red and yellow .
did n ' t know that . i knew he was disappointed with his skin , guess now i know why
i feel like i heard on radio lab that if rabies is left untreated in a human , before it kills them , they can do some crazy stuff .
it ' s the money you ' re going to live on after you retire . you do n ' t have any of that ?
it is a written test , not an arbitrary multiple choice test .
i ' d watch that reality show .
that ' s the reason why i ' m reluctant to claim that both of them are the same person .
are we focusing on the wider impact ? wider impact would be positive . impact in regards to just the uk and eu , not internal trade or the rest of the world . negligible .
stop making my mouth water .
what if they refuse the rehabilitation ? you just suggested threatening them with a more harsh punishment for not complying . hypocrisy much ?
shit , you ' re right . have n ' t had the things in a while , used to love ' em . but regular oreos , none of the modifications they ' ve released . half white , half black .
that ' s pretty damn stupid .
but if there ' s no legal claim to it , how can they justify selling mods in the first place
i knew someone was going to post something like this . well done
mmmmm grilled corn ? i could live off of grilled corn . sooo good .
moreso the fact that they ' re playing it off as some big thing .
peace in wwii was achieved through killing millions in war . frankly , the alternatives were far worse .
my dark eyebrows make it appear i dye my hair , but i promise it is natural . thank you for your response ! opinions on my weight ? would it be beneficial to lose a few ?
no . we like it rough and without lube . prepare your asses !
not sure why you ' re being downvoted , western audiences loved the anime , if it were done well i think it could be an okay movie if they changed the story up a little bit .
depends on where in florida . i ' m from the northern part , so i have a quite noticeable southern accent . if your from anywhere south of the turnpike its usually more northern sounding .
i mean they ' re not recognized as a state . this might mean that they do n ' t recognize the copyrights of anything created in those territories .
no , this was on a sunday and these people dropped off someone with a camera to film themselves racing , and deliberately raced up and down the street . they were n ' t just passing through .
the only way browner comes back is if we get another 1 to go on the other side of the field . browner is not a number 1 cb .
he ' s even great in a movie like the village
i think its bad practice and will fundamentally not help much , just give you the impression .
i think you should give your wife a surprise subscription .
this . not that many people actually buy comics . its a pretty small industry despite being high profile .
how do you explain that high public debt countries have the biggest problems ?
well , the books are not the original either . that would be the radio play , from which the books also differ .
for real ? i would have thought the 12 man would come in incase of any injury .
he does actually play guitar .
i expect plenty of people lost their jobs when other cruel sports were banned .
if you attack from the top , its the same as if no ads are overlapping
yea , his personal one .
stop pressuring me ! i need an adult !
is there a drink she can enjoy with less new york in it ?
no . when they did that promo , they treated the audience like idiots and defined the word for them .
or better . pilots know how that flying machine works . if you have a driving license , you know how a car door works , you do n ' t need a manual for that .
i was wondering about that too , makes more sense now .
if you act anything toward your girlfriend like you act right here , you are a huge pain in the ass and you are incapable of listening to the simplest of comments .
how do those two things even relate ? are white westerners going to go to other planets to wipe out indigenous aliens ?
we ' ve been running a crew for over a year now . our bar is high because we need people on our level . it ' s not for everyone .
more like , try to move from the middle east to egypt , roll a 1 , and get removed from the game .
he said code not program . please learn the difference ,
she ' s trying to find the best banana . she ' ll taste them all if she has to .
it would be great if the arab states would take responsibility for the palestinians displaced by their war and either accept more palestinian refugees or actively encourage a two state solution .
i was going to say , try the 70s . i had a few as a kid .
generally teams dont play eachother in the preseason if they are playing at the start of the season , just for competition purposes .
the process to become a citizen here takes months , so the sooner you start , the better . where will you be coming from ?
heroin is the drug , heroine is the female hero .
again with the salt . i did n ' t even bet so how could i be salty ?
her eyes follow where the person goes at the end , so i assume so .
the idea of poe is great , but i feel like bungie did not do a good job with it and i am poorly explaining my thoughts about why i felt like they did not meet my expectations .
well they did mess things up for a bit , my favorite was if you used the mobile client you had to use a desktop web browser to set your filter settings .
i just got some random ass plant pokemon from the side of the road . probably one of those piece of shit bells .
this . brock needed to close that game out .
yeah . i do n ' t like the steroid stuff when people lie about it .
what he said . if you wore a red shirt on the original show and ever left the enterprise , your life could be measured in seconds .
i ' d bet he ' s making like 500k a year in korea , what could clg pay him ? like 100k prolly ?
as an online dating veteran i can tell you that a large amount of hot girl profiles are actually fat girls or gay dudes pretending to live the dream .
eh , if someone said that to me after i beat them in a video game or something i would just laugh . but in a serious situation , yeah it ' s fucked up .
the best part is how hitler did n ' t want a war with the uk but he went and did everything to provoke us
yes , i wish there was an auto - sorting system .
there ' s some cam streams up , but they look like shit obviously .
then her dad would be the one to adopt you .
no , and it ' s arya .
is the water - walking zombie going to be there ?
yea your getting subsidized cause you do n ' t make any money .
no . there might be later with a aosp based rom but you will lose the quality of your camera .
a decent way to move for free is to get hired where you want to live and have that company relocate you .
the baby died at 10 weeks old from a heart defect . he most likely never left the hospital .
it is surprising that eu is only now waking up to the problem . in us they are pro - actively stopped from leaving the country
next week .
i personally do n ' t think the . d ' s are blood related , because then how would a giant like jaguar . d saul come into the equation ?
in all seriousness , i am probably destined to share your exact purple fate . i salute you , fallen hopeful , for at least you understood the button and sought glory .
nah self - driving google cars will be delivering amazon prime products via hotel robots
with continuing white flight from big - city kansas , that ' s a pretty accurate forecast . look at detroit for proof .
how about logistics ? dealing with suppliers , shipping agents etc ?
who said anything about necessary ? unnecessary shit gets made all the time that ' s fucking rad .
which how they are actually mounted so the blades can throw the grass out the side or up into a chute .
obviously , they will have to get the wickets . zim is not finding it easy against a quality pace attack dude
it ' s been a few years , but i ' m pretty sure they only ask for age and not date of birth .
lol that ' s pretty cool to be honest , good to know
shit happen bro . you missed but you did an amazing play by almost killing poseidon . : d
android irc , free app . no idea about apple
that takes time . mom and midas does n ' t help you against ganks or teamfights . even with unreal farming speed you ' re gonna lose before you come online .
exactly . this is what it comes down to . it very likely is not worth doing insurance stuff over one gun .
1 bottle of really nice .
actually you ' re ugly and smelly .
going to win vanilla first before i get into modding .
why would he give you a caterpillar everyday ?
i too would like to live in this world .
well , we were supposed to make it sound as terrible as possible , right ? but you got the show right .
she ' s insanely hard to deal with , the only time i ' ve managed to stop one is with riven , but then some asshole decided to build roa and screw over my go to gal when dealing with her .
it does . it teaches a child there are consequences to their actions .
probably the worst device ever put on the market . used one once , and swore off oral sex with a questionable partner forever .
i ' ve heard he likes wolf but idk
i tried run as admin by running the exe in the directory , and i get nothing . i ca n ' t start the game that way for some reason . i can only start it from steam .
for an american made movie , the action is really well choreographed and stylized . if that ' s not your thing than yeah the movie probably does n ' t have much else to offer .
obviously i mean using a secure retort system , i linked that video to give him a general idea of the method .
they are - post is gone .
yeah just about everyone was an smg player in ghost .
i ' d prefer 2 door and the drive does n ' t really matter but i do like rwd
oh god , the alps . i ' m trying to visit them as many times as i can before i go back home .
are you speaking theoretically or from personal experience ?
afghanistan and pakistan is south asia .
i did for a bit , deals serious damage but not for long lol .
they do have a goal : the supremacy of humans over all other species in the universe .
happy eggs , flour and milk day !
well the fact that he has refused to set any for the last 3 - 4 years but is doing so now is why i have confidence here .
just spread the rumour , they ' ll panic buy .
i would n ' t exactly call it cheating .
he did n ' t fail at anything . some people failed but some simply were n ' t prepared for the levy to break , which still does not show that bush or the wh hated black people or did n ' t care .
good advice man . it ' s definitely something i need to work on . i sometimes can tend to fight in straight lines like i ' m in street fighter or something haha
not necessarily , but if you want to get video alerts about live matches then you should give a number to verify
plano . thanks man !
nope , locked center . i realize that means a normal 4wd system and its the only minivan to really come with it
get hola from chrome . just started using it last week and can finally watch the games
and now i know why my car has such strong torque steer . thanks .
dude , you missed the memo ? every dumb thing you ' ve ever said or done now defines you as a person . context is for shitlords .
if you have enough stuff to justify getting that many pockets , just get a fucking backpack .
fast and relative to something i would guess .
i do n ' t know about your area , but in my school district sex ed and such were segregated by gender . if he ' s 13 , it ' s entirely possible that he knows nothing about the female body .
lmao those feel like opposite genres of music to me .
exactly . who ' s going to talk to you if you have your phone out ?
hold your horses henry .
i do n ' t actually live in gr . i live in a surrounding suburb .
true , but there are probably countries that would grant them political asylum given the background of the country they ' re from .
and kick millions off of health care with no immediate and viable replacement ? doubtful . as most of the other comments have said , it ' s mostly rhetoric .
no shit ! i ' m a student down at campbell ! my roommate next semester ' s girlfriend goes to unc ! small fucking world buddy ! go to hell carolina , though . go pack !
are you setting the preamp gain really high on the amp ? have you replaced your active bass ' s battery ?
on a long enough scale , yes . like the stock market .
upgrade the head lights . the dollar store flash lights dodge calls head lights are a joke .
it was meant to be darude - sandstorm by darude feat . sandstorm .
was your job secure before moving out ? i work in engineering but it ' s not high level stuff
ikea set of drawers , i forget what they ' re called , but they ' re fantastic . very deep , too .
check out the other gifs linked above . this thing needs a ton of more struts , but this was just the second revision .
5 - hour session . one more of equal length left !
the answer ' s violence right ?
yep . took the picture myself . if anything , the colors are a bit muted !
i live on the east coast so you are only 3 hours behind its not that bad . could you just tell me what exact time you can do it ?
that would be an insane waste of water though .
if there ' s a team in your area , get him to play rugby . it ' s a fun game , and there ' s a lot of cardio involved . i ' ve lost over 40 pounds playing it .
i ' m guessing they added their ability and proficiency to come up with a skill number , then when doing a check they added that number and their proficiency again .
yeah furthest ball playing surface , which in this case is his head .
did you ever read next ? do n ' t read next .
yeah they ' re pretty great . i also liked the first time you get to the main hub area of sanctuary fortress . fuck the spider ball guardian though .
stand tall astro . i was thinking you got it done quite well .
short for dutch oven , which you cook using coal heat .
the combination is great , it only gets more powerful as you carry on .
yeah , we ' re basically all noobs at this game and calling something op after a couple hours of play is extremely short sighted .
with plenty of money being racked in from dlc that should have been included in the original game . lack of content , lack of variety .
nah i know , he was a salty sailor , but i remember watching him complain about low level people beating him by just doing random things .
why is it hard to believe their are rich people in other countries ? especially a country with valuable natural resources .
we need reddit lead for posts like this . would give negative gold that would need to be paid back with gilded comments before gold would work .
yes , because those are torts . perjury is a crime .
me neither ! i contacted an insurance company local to the island , and i have n ' t got a reply . i have my full license , so i ca n ' t imagine this being a tricky thing .
no ref was there to call the elimination . ref does n ' t see it , it is n ' t legal .
which is what i ' m doing , china just is n ' t backing down
that is true . but you can make edibles .
i ' ve sold a bunch of comic books to buy cars .
i agree . doing maps is basically like leaving behind the rest of the game . it ' d be cool if you could farm high level bosses while still also building a base for running maps later .
i ' m a straight male , but i ' m sure i can out sass a gay black man with an a - symmetrical hair cut .
excuse my ignorance but is that an asian looking mmo ? is it also subscription based ?
good luck ! i ' ve been through something similar with my own dog , so i understand how scary it can be .
i would say interstellar for the same reason , it has a more grand and better experience , but boyhood is the clear better film !
well , you ' re part of the government like myself . i kinda meant all government officials .
to be realistic most clans are n ' t well organized . it would also benefit organized clans because people will strive to be a higher rank even though it means nothing .
yep . the best indicator of future behaviour is past behaviour .
he ' s not really part of the band tho . i do agree though he is a monster . he almost does n ' t fit in that band
you had puck pay you for drugs with sex .
i prefer to cover my pizza in the microwave with foil .
do you get paid a decent amount at least ? being so far from home would be killer for me . gas ai n ' t cheap
you can head in solo , the message to enter will pop up pretty quickly .
and i just find out yesterday it stores all your gathered shit for you too . jesus that makes prepping for a new hunt take no time at all .
it can get pretty bad in some places . like to the point of the speeds that everyone posts around here all pissed about
yeah , fair point .
i thought it was just my shitty tv speakers so i turned on the surround sound . it ' s even more annoying coming from all angles .
however , the entire demographic the movie would aim for is n ' t just your friends .
i named my male cat gem from to kill a mockingbird . my mother calls him a girl all the time just to make a point . get over it ! she wants the girl to be gem and him to be scout .
now he has sam ' s sole
to be fair , it ' s not like you have to buy one each year like a textbook . i still have an 83 that my brother gave me when he was in high school back in 2005
oh , okay ! i ' m waiting at the train station right now . do n ' t forget to add my friend code before you open the gate !
yeah . they pretty much do it to be different . it ' s hideous .
do you start crying everytime someone you do n ' t know dies ?
that ' s be perfect ! however , would it be alright if we traded tomorrow ? i ' m actually going to bed right now .
ham , pineapple and pan pretzel crust . so bad for you , but so tasty .
zionism has no place on planet earth .
i have never eaten at any restaurant besides bottoms up .
that ' s great , thanks for the quick reply . i knew that ai always refuses demand lawful territory from the player , but was n ' t so sure about a demand from an ai emperor .
how far do you think i should be able to drive with a sewer lids until i am able to drive with garbage can lids ?
she ' s asking to go see porn together . on a first date .
that ' s where i bought mine too . i took it back and am now wearing an all black metal band one with accidental coverage .
and , ya know , a state .
sorry if not straightforward . i mean to say i think its a bit more nuanced than him just being a wide man who cant play cf
they can do that ? i do n ' t see why it would be illegal or against the rules . ca n ' t you take out a cash advance for whatever you want ?
my mother was a hamster , an my father smelled of elder berries . who am i to judge ?
how did your colleague taste ?
you ' re a wizard hairy
i think i dislike it now because i ' ve heard it too many times , not so much that it ' s a bad song .
i ' ve shot about 200 rounds through my hardened arms upper . so far so good . i ' m just about to put a different rail , gas block and muzzle device on it to change things a little .
i had to scroll this far down to find this ?
oh my god yes ! a school dance ! why did n ' t i think of that ?
if anything i was disappointed that lapis fused with her . i , like steven was hoping she would just say no and maybe make a water clone to handle her light work .
gots to get dat sweet sweet canadian tyre money !
i ' ve known about it for a while but did n ' t hear anything about it being part of the dlc , also only recently joined reddit
i ' m sure they plan on adding eating animations eventually but i would n ' t worry to much about it . i ' m pretty sure i ' ve seen it animated while back .
she definitely does that . i hear the vacuum on a fairly regular basis around one or two in the morning . meh .
you ' ve perfected how to write the way christopher walken talks
preacher was a series i had been putting off on collecting the singles for till i could really spend the cash . with the show being made i ' m afraid i ' ll never have that collection of singles .
no one can access your 3g network usually , unless u were tethering , but really its a small chance
did you see the last two pictures of the finished table ? they are in color , i thought it might be kinda cool to save that to the end .
damn that a big step , do you have some sort of connections in the industry ? either way i hope he hits you with some good news .
i think it ' s the one from the house , is n ' t it ? series 1 maggie had , i think , a worried face .
yes that would be good . also hoping to find out what does n ' t work with different flavours too
so they talked through mail ? the girl have feelings for chen chang shen ? or just friendly mail ?
that would be weird world .
they do n ' t really turn people away so much as make it known that you ca n ' t see shit . if you wanna go though , they ' re not gonna stop you .
lol armada is laser camped by every fox out there when he goes peach and he ca n ' t laser camp a puff , alright silly edit : oh well , the do n ' t - play - lame - leffen just got rekt
well there ya go . also i just realized there ' s a panther next to it .
holy shit . champaign , illinois
i ' m just glad darwin ' s work was n ' t put up for a vote .
i ' m not a religious man so i do n ' t have one but if i survive i ' ll be getting one
it ' s a book about how to not be dizzy .
this is just it . we have to find an easy way to test and to figure a good measurement which they are working on i think . i ' m not in a legal state so i do n ' t see as many headlines .
damn man . i like my women hairless and smelling fresh .
i will love you forever and if you can . give me that when i get off of work
no ! why ? i just got that post out of my head !
actually , its marketed as a motion picture not a television show . there ' s a difference .
i use ziploc freezer bags , works great !
i just picture you taking it , looking left and right , and then running the opposite way .
i ' m sure you could , but the vice would really limit your drilling area . might be able to use a couple c clamps to do it .
ah , happy memories . leviathan , the abyss , deep star six , the rift . soggy horror for the win !
that ' s the same as youngest person .
does your team have 0 cc or something ?
the point being is she went for the grapes instead of the cake and pie . if you ' re gonna fail anyways , then fail hard
anyone who has committed suicide from cyber bullying will only do worse in real life . they needed a darwin award .
already mentioned , but great song !
because i ' m not that good nor do i have the money for all that .
did he choke against you guys last season ? maybe you can remind me how many td ' s he threw and the amount of points we put up .
i went there for the first time last year and i almost cried tears of joy that the water was n ' t a murky brown . ; _ ;
the new one even lets you play a 12 game high school schedule instead of just the playoffs .
i mean you dont have to be an ass about it . i have seen many lvl 31 ' s do it . i have done it myself as a 31 . its not hard just takes maybe a few more hits .
please explain why it ' s my duty to have sex with my husband any time he asks .
hi , i hope i am not what you become , really ! you can pm me about anything . anytime .
at this point you ' re just being a troll . what i carry in my car is my business and nobody has a right to steal it at gunpoint . the end .
during the time between polish , going gold , etc . the art team has nothing to do , so it would not impede anything at all .
i feel like that ' s asking for a rip in the screen but you make a good point about the leeching i ' ll have to start wrapping them in teflon
dosent tb support this move , i havent seen the video yet but the consensus around here is that he does , so linus is the chosen one .
i told my friends im funny . haha
nope , they are as clean as they could be .
so you like big butts , and you will not lie to us ?
i do n ' t know what to do about that because i ' m not a rocket scientist . fuck .
that ' s an awesome pull . play him in cdm or rb ?
great initially , but then they fall to pieces and tear their acl ' s
if they were ethical business people , they would n ' t be in the business of stealing accounts and selling fake currency now would they ?
i think i ' m going to wait for office 2016 . i ' ve held out this long , might as well .
that ' s only what they do if their parents are totally inconsiderate of people around them and do n ' t teach their kids better .
ha ! that genuinely made me laugh . it ' s true . i kind of hope someone turns that image into a parody album cover . it ' d be amazing .
the long game .
if i read it right , he ' s sixth on the list of actors whose films have grossed the most money .
crocodile . you stand very little chance either way , but if somehow you could grab the croc ' s snout before it opens , you could at least keep it closed
i think it is the placement mostly that is a bit awkward . but overall as mentioned the line work is beautiful in the planets . just the text lacks in comparison and looks like an after thought .
but the problem is most fatties do n ' t give a fuck .
meanwhile , eating 2000 calories in fruits , steamed veggies , and lean meats can be quite a chore . you get full and the slow digestion of healthy foods means you stay full longer .
my friends dog with 1 hind leg would start to topple over and do little hops to keep his balance when he peed . such a happy little mutt .
yup , i mean , even if it was public property it would be vandalism still .
thank you so much ! jesus i need to post my art of danny more often !
depends on what childrens bible you read . i did n ' t grow up seeing much violence in the bibles i read , so it varies .
vex i would n ' t think so cus they ' re pretty much frames for a vex mind to fill , cabal probably do but they are n ' t allowed to fight or anything .
because it ' s not enough to pick fights with people who disagree with us !
boston native , you and me both new england bro , gimme that heat !
oh i see . have n ' t played that game yet , but i do n ' t really play a lot of games anymore .
sorry do n ' t have time . i ' ve got too many plates to spin . i do n ' t get all this plate spinning though , when is it supposed to start attracting the hot babe 9 out of 10s ?
fyi , 25 lbs is nothing . i ' ve taken shits heavier than that . not really , but for a backpack that ' s not heavy at all .
you ca n ' t just say that you have a hard time at school , you have to bring up other aspects in life it affects you , such as social settings with peers .
no probs . you should maybe go for some sexy lingerie instead though
if you shave the neck and cheeks , about where do you cut it ? i have about the same hair growth as op , but no idea how to keep it tidy
lower fire rate will just decrease shots before overheat , so not too bad of a downside , especially for those sexy hearts
120 fps holy shit i never heard of such frame rate .
ouch . fuck . my condolences . friend ' s iud slipped out recently . i feel for you :
the deadpool episode was also pretty funny .
ok but the methodology is only your observations . anyway , i ' ve edited my post ' s body . thanks for the heads - up .
the increased severity of all things weather related is a direct result of climate change . it brings less rain to some , more to others . and it makes storms more severe .
that ' s why i adopted the stop - at - 1 - second - left move . worst microwave ever .
nice ! yea oscar does n ' t like the camera much . he goes into derp mode
however , isis really likes to kill people who prefer different versions of their myth , so that ' s kind of an important detail .
i did ! they said you ca n ' t order it on the phone or online
i worked at a large distribution center that moved to direct deposit only three years ago . with weekly checks they had to have been spending so much money on paper
i ' m not full stop against them , but it ' s tough to do accomplish them in a manner that everyone agrees with . tough subject , with no right answers .
what about shooting a guilty person ?
throw in some ring crew guys to open it , and the pods all finally open just before the three count , but they ' re all too late .
no . i was explaining the reason the electoral college exists and how it relates to the discussion , not saying they were right . i was answering the question you asked .
fatties think not eating everything you want all the time is equivalent to anorexia .
make the warriors wanna retire man .
yah but you have an amazing smile and super awesome eyes sooooooo you still got that . i ' m just a ginger and avoid the sun as much as possible because i will burst into flames .
yeah , absolutely . do you find yourself escalating and like , putting words in his mouth that he never said ? like it ' s a manifestation of your anger ?
i ' m afraid not . i would however like to live on top of a mountain if that counts .
any idea if it requires defense levels ? i ' m 1 defense and wo n ' t ever get any higher unless i start a main account
same on most european countries . it ' s just common sense , really .
places usually charge more for shipping to hawaii and alaska . sometimes not at all , even though we ' re , you know , part of the 50 states . but that does n ' t happen often .
and if the us tried to attack a nazi germany who did not have to deal with france , russia , etc . they would have failed miserably .
dude . if its brown flush it down .
oh believe me i read it . check the comments .
you ' ll have today , tomorrow , next week , next month , the next 5 months basically . you get no sympathy !
sorry im used to the alpha version of the game where it didnt do all 3 attacks with 1 button press : p
also , by the books harry ' s hair should be more unkempt .
no , there ' s not . how would a weapon for one job help you on a different job ? the zodiac quests are already completely separate for each job .
it was tense , but a bit too long . the ending was the only really stupid part of the movie .
dude . the first time i got past that level it felt like i had parted the goddamn ocean . you get to see that sweet cut scene and drive the turtle van ! 10 year old me felt accomplished as fuck .
and then the bombs drop , the start of the great war . and war , war never changes .
i did a bit of reliving on the progressive servers through steam a while back . so much fun . i just wish i had the time to dedicate .
the only thing stopping me from knowing your next decision is time . because god is outside the realm of time he can know your next decision even though you had full control of your decision .
lol my ferrets are the opposite . slippers are safe , shoes must be chewed .
i do n ' t have the rules on hand , but i believe your finisher is discarded and you just get to use it as a blank style thereafter .
one of my best friends is a vegetarian and he told me about gelatin in high school . so at least some of them know .
it ' s not always a criminal offence , but in this case it was .
they have the power to hurt a lot of innocent people , which they have , repeatedly .
sun jesus ?
hell of a lot better defensively then benn , fo sho .
the hard thing is not going over the cap : p
and girl ?
it would be somewhere in nh , vt , me i believe and would be over the summer . we would prefer to backpack but would still be open to car camping .
any thing you can elaborate on ?
oakland is probably a lot less affordable then when he first moved into that place .
and now you explain why cobb has n ' t signed a new deal with green bay ?
or team fusion .
that would be shit storytelling .
thanks man i appreciate it .
you guys are being nice . i like this .
my one question here is : how is detroit at all strategic in taking over the world ?
yep , same here , my work schedule does n ' t allow this shit .
having your child survive to adulthood is not the mark of a great parent , it ' s the bare minimum .
lol , it ' s literal . they ' re referring to one of those cards where each time you buy a sub they punch a hole in it or stamp it . get 10 holes and the next one is free . a lot of places do it .
but it ' s a channel dedicated to learning .
yeah , and as good as just cause 2 was , the map was huge , but there was n ' t a whole lot of things to do . most of it was open space and not super interesting .
hah well , it happens . we pretty much said the same thing .
hahaha yeah , man i love that show .
okay , why would they remove it ?
that would be so fun . its like a playing diablo , wow and sc on a sc custom map .
good to have our eyes on the prize , so im with you . swansea first , lets get a w , then onto a big big game against a united team that must be feeling like they can beat absolutely anyone
sort of . i want to get a 7 string , currently doing stuff in drop d but i like the thought of being able to play scales with the string not dropped
well recycling is n ' t as strict in the us , so no , but you ' d be amazed at some of the shit homeowner ' s associations do .
no it ' s not , if the rest of his house is working fine .
but he read it in a news article !
well i was trying to preserve some of the surprises in case op actually watches it .
you mean ginger men right ?
would you please post here ? i ' m sure some others would like to see it !
if you do n ' t show it off by flipping the bird and acting all innocent , you ' re wasting a lot of potential .
i ' ll announce it here first : if i get he part , i ' ll talk to harmon about coming back for the community movie .
the point we are all making is that we should n ' t need to make a point at all .
social respect is expected . stop being an ass
it goes further . he ' s enough of a psychopath that he felt his error should be broadcast to the world .
it would be nice to have a title but i cant find any on the aa database related to exploration !
i am aware . i am trying to find the source where i saw it
sounds like a major society problem that needs fixing .
you can find a topless from an early movie . that ' s what i heard , anyway .
that ' s not healthy . iirc you should n ' t do that for more than 3 days and it can damage your kidneys .
1995 is twenty years ago so yes , it ' s now vintage .
yeah i ' m gonna go ahead and call bullshit on that one
why would you say black tea would have more caffeine ? if anything the green tea would use younger leaves , and have more caffeine .
no , it ' s more like giving a mcdonald ' s employee a franchise .
i ' d ask a bike shop , maybe by emailing them a photo after talking to someone . i ' m not sure , and at least it ' s not the seat tube .
they ' re 20 points behind . it ' s rare for any party not to go negative in such a situation .
could you please stop being the way you are ?
depends . there are people who are super best friends with people in their wow guild .
understood , keep up the good work
do you have a cat ?
fear the deer !
with no bolt to kill her and less burn pressuring greedy mana , maybe splashing her in junk would be ok .
well since people will break the law to get these drugs , then yes . there has to be an answer to this problem
is n ' t that an episode of the office , when michael leaves with pam to start their own business ?
i have all the intentions of making single serve portions in muffin tins . but then when i want to eat like seven of them in a day , it ' s counter productive .
please forgive me but im so jelly of your hair ! : p
currently ina degree of electrical engineering ! if you need some explanation , do n ' t be afraid to ask : d
it could be that . it could be the icy state of negotiations at the cba talks . i think it was a smart move to blame the weather , though .
following mainstream sunni view , it ' s technically impossible to not implement sharia in islamic theology , most people just do n ' t care , and those who care , will be blowing up themselves
you can stream while torrenting , however it ' s not recommended cause it damages the swarm .
i dunno man . i do n ' t mind reigns on the mic any more . he ' s gotten much better lately . is bork ' s contract definitely up at wm ?
some losers are trying to start a trend that having an out - of - shape 40 - year - old father ' s body is in , and fit guys are lame .
keep telling yourself that . it makes the apathy and ignorance so much easier !
if i were you , i ' d get the 57 . my felt is a 56 and the kilo is just as tall if not a bit taller . 57 will def work for you great
i ' ll need to know that specific listing in order to figure what the issue is . feel free to message me if you do n ' t do n ' t want to post a link here publicly .
i think your right , you can faintly hear the sound of the bike bouncing off the car .
in real life ? how can a fictional character meet a real person ?
eh , it works fine . it ' s gonna be a rent house .
babe or baby does n ' t bother me , but bae makes me want to high five them in the face with a bowling ball .
the commentators are talking over him .
exactly my point lol .
i thought it was literally the most amazing thing in the world when i was young . then i watched it and was like , i see strings .
well i used to play sf all the time because i thought the hero was really fun , never cared much for winning with him , but that was unranked so i guess it ' s different
it ' s fun and gets the blood flowing
ca n ' t wait for the real office to finish construction . i bet they ca n ' t too
jonah goldberg has never written anything close to a good book .
here , i ' ll just move this one word into a slightly different position and bam ! sentence means something entirely different for what seems like no reason at all .
it ' s quasi medium of exchange . somewhere along the line you must pay taxes , rent , utilities , shareholders etc etc . all require usd
ky lube or vaseline will do . hell , if it ' s just masturbation you can use lotion .
i thought the art was pretty cool : l
because you only watched it once . no one can grasp the entirety of football in one game .
lol , you ' re minus 8 now . this is sorta fun .
i believe he ' s a prof in chicago , so being in ohio is probably an easy trek for him .
windows , the red headed step child of phones lol . hopefully win 10 gives some new life to the platform .
it gets worse when you spend an hour making everything perfect and some asshole snipes you and ruins half your gear but does n ' t have the fucking decency to finish you off !
how sturdy is it to sit on with that large of a crack running through most of the piece ?
i ' m just trying to hear the damn music
every ac game is already diverse .
then do it , fight and see how that goes . or stay quiet nd keep your culture inside your home , no need to show it off
and you can go broke dumping gas in the thing too .
not what was said . no more than a man not fit to be in a relationship is no better than his dick for one night stands and the like .
dude , they ' re animatronics . they ' re made of metal .
the real problem is left and right wing are meaningless terms .
after figuring that out , it took me an even longer while to realize the heart was n ' t fighting a pair of kidneys .
well , maybe if they had less cradle and more catholic , i could . : p
i think clg might be the most loyal . no team consistently disappoints like clg but still keeps the second largest fan base in the west . gotta hand it to the fans , they are troopers .
do n ' t they hoard near the box of destiny or something ? outside the actual edge of the map ? that ' s what i read here anyway .
gah , i ' d love to see any exotic item in the heavy slot that is n ' t a machine gun or rocket launcher .
i do n ' t think mcu has legal use of adamantium .
true , it ' s robotic , which there still is n ' t any light sources for .
i ' m not sure what you mean ; what ' s wrong with that ?
oy , always with the burning
i like to pretend that they are sometimes .
education wo n ' t help if you have a great depression like economy
i am impressed by your word play .
respect . what ' s your job ? i was in the american air force for a bit . and you should totally get out of bed . you wo n ' t regret it .
you too man , people are crazy .
legit excuse . i learned it from my cat facts subscription .
i tried it with american culture . i have n ' t had time to really toy around with it yet , just one nation testing session .
if we can get the color right , yes . but that green tint in there is tricky
well yeah , he was under a tree . of course it was shady
are you telling me you ca n ' t hear an enemies exos ? . . .
i thought she was meant to be 17 in season 1 , but i may well be wrong
i ' m using the iud for birth control and i was trying to use the pill to skip my period for my wedding in hawaii .
ya i ' ve only played around on private hives , as i almost never dabble in public , and every personal test i ' ve done has resulted in tents disappearing with my shit inside . good fun .
in a sense yes , until you run into an ideology which literally threatens your or your nation , which tend to be the ones we dislike .
yah it happened to me too for no reason . mods are shitty . or he is
idk anything about comic kingpin , but mos supes is still supes . i get that you do n ' t like the new direction , but he ' s still superman
yes , and i ' m home back well north of lansing .
yo can sneak more if you hide it in your stomach .
the effective result though , without unions having enough power to prevent it , is that work generally can indeed fire people much easier in right to work states .
yeah , unless we start installing little bitty shocks on the inside of the skulls of football players there will always be concussions .
they are less harsh but believe me , they are still hard on the gums
meh , it ' s the same at every team wen they lose a big player .
there is definitely some serious money there . mega man x is nowhere near cheap .
do n ' t do it , man .
no , nobody has , because brit does n ' t want to play big brother .
only drink black but only because i do n ' t like the taste of creamer . i exclusively drink single origin as of now .
the game does n ' t automatically boot the invader out the minute you touch the fog gate , there are several seconds of time to hit him out of the animation .
i do n ' t understand why my computer ca n ' t double check the other computers numbers and call bs and ping fd ' s servers to check it edit auto correct
the white look felt fine , i liked the simplistic design .
voting is a failed institution in my opinion . i ' d rather see a more dramatic method .
one of the best shots i ' ve seen in a long time .
small country town not unusual to have different schools on the same bus .
yeah but that ' s because some of the legendaries look like crap . xd i do agree some of these look more epic than legendaries look though .
i won . case dismissed !
ah okay , i never really played dark souls , i made it through the tutorial area but that was pretty much it . i might start it up and try again soon
more drinks is key !
i really like the color , i have nothing like it !
yeah . i live in hyde park .
a starter for a non playoff team , but imo he does n ' t have all the starter qualities yet , but can fill in and make a difference in the game off the bench like he does for us so well
revenge game at home this season ? you know it .
yeah same here . i ' m normally not one to cry but to see a smile on that woman ' s face after the ultimate tragedy just instantly made me an emotional wreck
this is the way the world ends . not with a bang , but with a horrible self perpetuating cycle of giggle shits .
what kind of camera did you get ? i just got my first dslr the other day . also , these pictures are awesome . makes me wish louisiana had places like this for me to take pictures of .
also , as infantry , they fired at you when you damaged them
oh definitely . but that ' s gonna hurt like a bitch . i ' d rather just not get shot .
fuller is great , i kept his totw card most the year because he seems to pick anything thrown near him . might sell him tho , need to save for honors thomas davis .
exactly . but that does n ' t mean she died because she was fat .
i ' ve also used wax to fill in the corners where the lid rests to make it a tighter fit , this reduces the vibration noises .
i loved that game ! it was beautiful , and i was so sad to reach the end .
b - but she ' s fat , does n ' t that make people automatically funny ?
high speed chases are very easy though . you just have to drive faster than the police .
didnt the leafs get low balled this trade deadline and decided to hold out till summer so teams could free up cap space and up the price for him ?
it ' s metaphorical , you know people use that phrase to explain someone ' s weakness . it was his achilles heel
because its equivalent to winning a wild card game . i do n ' t understand how people do n ' t grasp this concept .
a lot more now considering some of them were sexually abused in their own home . that ' s awful .
that is awesome ! i have my dad ' s album with the poster but no stickers . iconic !
you damn well better run out your homer if brian mccann is behind home plate .
oh shit , its a drive - by wedding !
i ' d say drug smuggling is more of a lifestyle , then .
xmen and fantastic four is fox , spider - man was sony and everything else was marvel studios .
great thank you !
my doctor gives me around 30 . what ' s with that ?
would you add ? i was looking for an arabic hoodie but more for green or white .
yeah , the sudden make - out session is what really makes me doubt this was n ' t planned .
exactly my point .
players usually have to pass a physical first . do n ' t think i ' ve ever heard of a player playing on the same day he gets traded .
agreed man . fuck her
right . i am sure it would be even more incorrect for tx . : d high z long wire into 50 ohm input is a very poor solution .
haha , it ' d be hilarious if they hired a bunch of a - list actors as extras .
i doubt it , but again this is a league matter , not a criminal investigation .
this is exactly what happened . stephanie is really toxic to the company imo . this wo n ' t be the last time she rubs everyone the wrong way . also far from the first time .
not trying to mess up the joke , but technically that ' s just punishment . relief from getting rid of a painful erection would be negative reinforcement .
good man .
houses in brazil do n ' t usually have basements . maybe that ' s why we do n ' t have that many neckbeards .
traded the red van for a much more modern 1994 white one !
silicone for rubber , white lithium for metal - metal .
we can only hope . how great would an ah v ig moba let ' s play be ?
can you name another famous person publicly transitioning their gender ?
also not a fan of it . maybe game of thrones could work ? not sure . it would have to be something i like a lot to make up for the mechanic i do n ' t really enjoy .
it works with sticky hold too .
an art that completely classical , original , and creates it ' s own style . genius
okay ? the car is still turning sharp as fuck . the meme is weak .
ahhh that makes a lot of sense . i think that is the tricky thing with age differences in relationships , when the power is n ' t levelled , the relationship becomes incredibly one sided .
actually , he ' s giving them plenty of work . i wonder if that ' s part of his job creation plan .
i do n ' t care about it tbh . always played full stock demo
except there are a lot of good peach players and a decent amount of puff players .
oh , whoops . i never really paid attention to that , but it makes sense . and you could still read it clockwise ! this is a whole new world !
5 health is a lot to deal with turn 4 , esp since shadow pain and priest never get played
yeah , there must be corner case or something they are exploiting . as the accounts get selected they can reverse engineer the conditions it takes for an account to be selected .
harmony is not a political group ? yes , there have been such suspicions about them and they also openly have a cooperation agreement with russia ' s ruling party .
what kind of person likes warm beer ?
considering i ' ve just started scrolling , this is the most intelligent comment in this thread .
i thought of a wrecking ball thing . one that ' s attached to a chain . you have to move your craft to fling it around , but it deals hilarious damage
to be fair he ' s had a couple pretty lousy seasons in a row now , but you do n ' t have to explain it to me . hell , i ' ve been known to defend jay cutler so you definitely have me beat .
house of cards , yes ?
i ' m a potato , not a snowflake !
hey it helps my rtg deck so i ' m happy
the people that repair the machines have probably have made their own lyrics for the little song , it is probably filled with curse words
this thread is full of people explaining the problem , you should read them .
yep , hatched shiny , thanks for the egg !
maybe you are jealous , im upset that you cant get ahead in this city .
weird bc the gas stations all . sell 3 capsules of kratom in . it where i live
the irony is , if he were a feminist he would have handed her the ball , since that ' s the role of men in feminism .
no anomaly , just statistics and you just do n ' t happen to fit the middle of the curve .
that ' s crazy talk ! but i like it !
didnt realize the story was based around athena . thanks .
i guess we should just start separating the human race by blood types too huh ? those with o neg are superior and we can just throw everyone else into districts
a female link will most definitely have a different personality to a male link so what is wrong with that ? it would give the writers more avenues to explore .
i accidentally googled armored titan and freaking google told me the identity outright . spoiled the fun for me
or just let the guy finish what he allowed to start . his own fault . edit : a word
i ' ll be joining you . never felt good about a political party until now but the libs proved they are willing to do what ' s best
probably because they can hardly muster up the power to move from the bedroom to the kitchen unless someone ' s cooking ramen .
yeah but most of those arent real countries .
man , i love watching kawhi play .
i think it is to a degree . there are some girls that i find attractive when other people i know have found them below - average .
thanks man !
is it a small stream , or are there other fish in the water to compete ? wish we had more brooke trout here in nz , such nice looking trout .
i really do n ' t care about the 2nd part of the sentence at all , but are you implying relevant ai already exists ?
i dont want to relate my tale making it far too long though . i will do my best to keep it even balanced in the retelling of what happened to me .
that ' s a good idea . because i still live at home i dont have many expenses , so there is really no reason to spend alot of money
why condemn ? if the cultural norm in china is to be aggressive , there ' s nothing wrong with abiding by the local custom imo .
hurtful things do n ' t have to be said . silence can hurt just as much .
serving them both is the safest bet to avoid any technical legal arguments service later in the proceeding about who the proper party was to serve .
yea . i have hope . rousey demonstrates that women ' s mma is not like the wnba . its a legitimate sport .
except it increases testosterone levels and if fap can make you apathetic , you must be weak minded as fuck .
oh god , porcelain still messes me up .
sometimes i get the lash for staying up playing destiny too late !
this is only the first wave , also they made an faq somewhere how organizations could get some invites .
have you or will you stick anything out for 47 years ? fair play to him , do n ' t think i could do that job for nearly half a century .
as a non drinker , does carlton mid taste ok ?
hmm yeah good call actually .
yeah and i find it kind of boring . i would almost be more surprised if magneto did n ' t turn on everyone at the end of the next movie .
having key draft picks stripped with the inability to trade back in did n ' t help .
maybe they should make their park more similar to other parks so they do n ' t have that disadvantage . i hate coors field so much .
fair enough , but the topic at hand pertains to google .
i ' m learning first hand that there is honestly no convincing a seahawks fan . they think every move their team makes is a godsend . this season will be a rude awakening for them .
i ' d honestly be too afraid to flip through the manual from fear of tearing a page or something . you are braver than i .
the door is metal , however it is painted black . do you think the acetone will eat the paint ?
i dont snore or suffer from sleep apnea but i think i do breath from my mouth . my mouth is pretty dry in the morning
i dunno , i like the stone over the ice . the over the top ice effects seemed too much .
wow . that is weak . i am so sorry .
i would suggest a magnetic vehicle antenna , and if needed , the adapter to connect to it .
i was just stating facts , sound has trouble with belt ratting so how the fuck are you supposed to pvp ?
if they did i might be willing to move back one day .
i will add this to our list to check out . we should be able to get proper geometry 3d pretty easily , which would also give you positional tracking
the lions are considerably worse this year .
most people who die in drunk or drug driving accidents have no past arrest or record of accidents .
that the movie about space ?
it makes sense for them to buy into it if that is how they were raised . it does n ' t make sense for women like michelle to choose this life .
wine , specifically blush wine .
i suppose this is true but honestly for summer they work well with a nice white t shirt and some black sneakers but it ' s true that rick definitely tends to look best with more rick
he gave me two dupes too and i had the same problem . as did my friend who ordered with me . has this been common ?
i know that maldonado got a drive - through for that , but i thought that hamilton was at fault .
can you imagine anyone smiling in a picture ? they would look like an insane person !
yep . another way to put it : if some alien civilization located 67 million light years away looked at us with an unbelievably advanced telescope - they would see the dinosaurs .
when you ' re lifting something up a ladder it is
i ' ll make some videos tonight after work .
i do . what you say makes sense , but for such a huge change in a character there really was n ' t explanation .
ok that ' s vastly different from an in character role play of the sort you might do inn a tabletop rpg .
yeah dude that all i have ; alcohol and salt .
i prefer it myself also , another reason its better is because it basically sucks the wood towards your character making collection easier .
the phone part should n ' t be an issue once pebble provides sdk access to the mic .
i ' m do n ' t bust a gut too often but that video had me laughing pretty hard .
sigh i am not on a hate train , try not to take everything so personally . i should of just not commented to make you butt hurt
no i ' m just gonna put it on facebook . i have real friends to impress .
not all of them . i mean , it is a national election everyone should have the opportunity to vote early .
royal blood - little monster ? royal blood - out of the black ?
they probably just wanted to play for as long as they could without having to respawn , or show off the cool character models .
great , tanner glass running the oilers front office , just what the hockey world needs .
opposite data point here : same account upgrading to it
life is too short to be so pissed off all the time .
true , cool answer ian
well i guess but you ' re over simplifying it . define a player ? what is doing the observing and measuring . how do we know that the environment itself ca n ' t measure things as well .
fuck i keep meaning to give mf more listening . im pretty new to hip hop as well haha
not quite . i know i listened to both of these pieces in my 6th grade music appreciation class .
can we get bill doing the epic sax guy bit ?
awesome , good to know . i ' ll ask a recruiter to be sure but that gives me a chance . thank you !
not a whoosh dog by any chance ?
yeah i ' ve always heard good things about that game , but i have never played it myself .
well , the part where god kills millions and satan only kills ten is . the rest is just speculation , admittedly .
dot laws cover drivers . there are federal limits as to how long a driver can work each day . it is a very regulated occupation . source : i work hr for a transportation company .
i ca n ' t get a clear enough photo .
it is possible to revolt without rioting . a revolt can be thought out , organized , minimize damages , and such . a riot is aggressive almost by definition .
agreed , my favorite weapon in the show so far .
and abstinence one look at this cunt and you do n ' t want to have sex .
that would be a great recommendation for the march calendar !
the rest of the civilized world can kiss my ar - 15 wielding ass .
nope , just a nerdy white guy
why fnatic 5th ? they have a full line up now .
duh , just buy manta
hell , i would have given away my lock combo if that meant i cam back to it full of figures .
i think from individual skill origen will be fine , but the win lane win game style wo n ' t work in the lcs .
i get one succinct title line to describe the pertinent context . what do you want from me ?
i found it quite sad that you could n ' t harvest w as you fight 4 diffrent people with the model w and they all have different forms
no they did n ' t , you are completely changing what they actually said .
that ' s basically the premise of any just cause game lol . it ' s every action movie fit into one game .
what do you say about the meat in sweden ? we say that danish meat is the worst , because of all the antibiotics and the handling of the animals .
chains got so fed up with the drill that he installed a bigger , better one on his face .
turned out i had aa range enabled , not range indicator . thanks !
ingrown hairs can get pretty gnarly . i bet a bad one could leave that sort of crater . or maybe a cyst ?
yea i would definitely sell them if i got duplicates , but i was thinking i only got them from the witcher contracts .
and it would n ' t make them feel good . they would find something else that would piss them off .
that ' s the idea . generally speaking , you want the harder cheeses because they ' re aged longer . more sugars like lactose get fermented into deliciousness that way .
it ' s much more entertaining with a full time champ
i do n ' t know about nokia ' s , but after a quick search i found people suffering static shocks especially from the power button . i ' d contact nokia support .
the skin was banned for having stolen artwork , its now a collector ' s item .
lol fuck us .
can i buy 1 ?
do you really think so ? any examples , or just random people in day to day life ?
mine does the same thing . we tried a raw meat diet and she acted like she did n ' t even realize that it was food .
i ' m a nerd , so no . just not interested in calculating pi .
i was talking about the gouging . not the availability . again o2 have made it possible in store .
the tomato fight was fun , but i only went the first year
nah , they ' re just wolf spiders . they keep the baddies in check .
haha , i get it , maybe it ' s just been overused for me , but according to your upvotes vs mine you are in the majority .
i never used anti - aliasing in the first place . this is just too weird and makes playing the game pretty annoying
what part of the song is gibberish ?
we can still be friends . i ' ll bring the blue crush and the thunder dome . you bring the space magic and the reign of fire .
oh this is just the last bit , there ' s already three boxes i sent via ups
i do n ' t watch them play regularly enough to say anything conclusive , but the numbers seem to indicate that subban is at least as good .
powers got knocked in the head pretty badly as well . he went so hard the whole game , and it was pretty hot out there . i would n ' t be surprised if he was just gassed .
yeah , as a fan , i can say that everyone knows that there are no girls at phish shows .
menace brewing . but it is a two person operation .
green actually , and they ' re no joke . satin doll had to change to trans dancers at night because the east side was in their club every night trying to turn out dancers .
good call , thanks
stop .
aaaand that ' s how you end up with negative paychecks .
i know but i would just like some experience , i applied to about 22 companies and only 5 replied with only one saying maybe
true enough , though dumbledore does do a lot of random seemingly meaningless stuff .
yeah but she was n ' t fighting for marxism
robbie did not handle matt at all , it was a close fight . which i ' m sure he has grown from and improved .
do you sit there and knock down bases that are in the middle of the road just to block shit ?
will edit with info once i get home to check . good suggestion .
ty sir , i will do it today , should i cut the branches from the side ?
right , that way reddit can go crazy about how your statements are vague and are purposefully worded to be open ended to the speaker ' s benefit
i would have likes if they went for the child abuse angle because gay kids do n ' t have autonomy to refuse if their parents force them to go through this nonsense .
plasti - dipping could work . vinyl or plasti - dip is a great idea for these !
i pictured a fully intact bird body , minus the head . as if the cat put it into a guillotine and chopped it ' s head off .
thanks man , gonna increase the voice when i re release it for my ep
lol , i love the way you thought of donating money to taylor swift before the poor and hungry
major props to you . that ' s so awesome .
yes it ' s increased weight , but i believe most roofs can handle it and new buildings would be built to handle the soil . but not every building can be retro fitted .
agreed . perhaps accounts that enter but do not pay out can be banned from the next drawing .
unless you have the music loud in your car .
dc is not part of a state , so how would it have a representative from a district in a state ?
if it were a real language it would !
the ones that do n ' t rely on youtube as their main source of income .
awesome . i ' m gonna watch it tonight on half of my screen while i watch dallas play toronto on the other half
yeah , samuel l . jackson really does n ' t belong in that list . he ' ll make any movie , and they ' re often kinda shitty .
also , there is glass so the flash is actually making the photo worse ?
yeah , we ' re having no fun . the mood of the team right now is currently very sour , which is something else we need to work on .
nigga be patient . they ' re the opposite of ea and ubisoft . they said that they are just making sure that they ' re not going to give us an unfinished pile of rubbish . calm the fuck down .
hahahaha that ' s definitely a night to remember . as long as they were cute you should n ' t worry
you ' re one poor troll .
i ' ve never been . do they sell beer there and let you drink it ? or what kind of place is it ?
i have the same issue with my linux install . drivers are hard to find .
according to other redditors , one of the company ' s new products is what ' s on your phone screen .
more appropriate to call them butchers , i suspect .
vortex burgers are good , but the staff can be assholes and the wait is n ' t worth it . maybe 5 - 7 years ago when they were one of the only good burgers in town , but not now .
by that rationale only the majority party is not locked out . in reality , all votes count and not every party is unified on every issue . the snp will have plenty of power .
every time i point back and dance he shoots at me from across the map .
women always complain about being cold so i ' m gonna go out on a limb and say they probably choose black .
where do you write for ?
that ' s where i plan on putting the wizard tower once i have enough gold .
then explain as much as you can without coming off as rambling and making up excuses . hone your mistakes and explain how you learned from it .
yes it updated , but there does n ' t seem to be a new app version on the play store . i ' ve seen people in game with dk though .
it doesnt work that great to be honest here .
not the fucking idiots that comment on the twitter post .
thanks man i ' m sure you ' re beautiful too . the rodent i ' m holding is actually a guinea pig , his name is felix .
i just woke up from a nap , saw this and thought i was having a bad dream .
so i have to wait a day longer that usual for falcons football ? fml
black pants and static movements point to no .
do you mean musical training as in learning to play an instrument , or musical training as in learning how classical music works ?
i think they are more common here than where i ' ve been living , i like the unique factor personally .
no its definitely not a rack chin because they ' re laying chest down on the bench and pulling a loaded barbell from the floor . similar motion different setup .
tee hee i agree the guy is an . idiot
can someone explain why he ' s drawing comparisons to kobe ? i mean lavine has been gettin more play time than kobe did his rookie year and has been underperforming for majority of the time
where i live they tax staple food items .
opinions inbound , but it ' s unfortunate because airborne is necessary for advancing and high speed stuff , but air assault is a way more viable and used skill
it ' s obviously not deliberately misleading . the point was just to be aware of the scale and consider if 5 out of 100 games is really a big enough difference in win rate for it to matter .
i dont get it . why dont we just put them in a coma , let their body burn the fat during hibernation , and wake them up in a few months ?
from my experience , the girls who ' ve never watched porn do n ' t sound like that .
hey man . i heard petting puppies helps with stress and anger . maybe you should go pet some puppies . i bet one of them will fetch that stick out of your ass .
no , but if there ' s just a base in the middle of the ocean with no protection , it opens up cuba to an attack that could cost upwards of a 100 million dollars and 6 lives .
at least they are unique , love em or hate em . personally i at least think they catch the eye .
not buying it , we finally have what looks like our best 11 back i ' m not going to worry about their academy players or past traditions .
but what about the romance languages and english .
it may not even be a little car . maybe the camera was just low . whatever vehicle it was it def had some power in it
that was just a lack of paying attention death . if he was surrounded by more mobs and has a party with him spamming stuff then it would be understandable . he had plenty of time .
the person who submitted it is female .
true , but that is information we have now out of game , not information supplied by the living story itself .
yup which is why it ' s so close . personally i view porter a more legitimate win then guerrero .
the weather is winter - ish .
i used this car in forza and stomped people with it . it also had a big portrait of carlton banks from the fresh prince on it .
it ' s a nightmare , is n ' t it ? the butter melts , the down to rises too quickly . and once you get the ovens on , it makes it worse . not a fun game to play .
oh no , the computer is turning on , all the fans are spinning , but yes , the keyboard and mouse are not working
fun - sponge
butt dem kitty eyes .
in a pretty vicious cycle . i stay up all night and sleep during the day trying to avoid an episode .
eh . it ' s bad enough to leave a scar i think . but i ' m used to it because i ' m accident prone and clumsy as fuck . the lasagna was delicious though .
ah no land beyond . it ' s probably hoping how is going to have a worse one , we ' re hoping it does n ' t .
i drilled some holes . i also have the wood pulled away on that side . it does n ' t feel like it ' s getting hot , plus there is a hole in the back .
dude , just clean off the axe and you ' re good to go .
that a - rod strike out was bullshit
and your joke , as i already said , was n ' t nice . just buzz off .
i will definitely do that , as soon as the campus opens . winter weather has everything closed right now . thanks for your response !
but he is a person in a position of power . obviously he is telling the truth .
i cast bandwidth of the infinite , it ' s super effective !
what ? you can use enamel on enamel - i do it all the time . when people paint on multiple coats they ' re doing the same thing .
i guess you can describe it like that ? sometimes it ' s a sharp pain .
hype train running in the dead of night , take these murdered men and make them fight , all your life , you ' ve been only waiting for this moment to get hype .
ah yes , the semen . the cream filled is a lot easier to work with .
he ' s a purple ass mark buster !
i bought my grandpa minecraft after he showed interest in it when my sister and i talked about it . his reaction to his first creeper was priceless ! such a good game to play at any age .
ahh haha word , i think ironic shitposting is still just shitposting but that makes sense
right click the armor names and look at the materials . should be easy to figure out from there .
for a guy who hated fame so much he sure has a lot of shit written about him .
you do . you do make rosa feel good .
ha i get the jokes cause women ca n ' t drive .
it ' s not big enough for reliable air passage .
yah originally it was n ' t there but a few people told me i should add it . just took it out , thanks .
that ' s pretty rad . i was able to buy the entire lucifer run for 40 dollars ; the price is worth it for the admission .
i hear ya . i already owned this so it was very economical . maybe i ' ll just start buying ro water
i thought we ' ve already killed our budget .
that tenant is a right of people , civil forfeiture puts your money or your house or your other crap on trial , it has no rights .
my parents had me at 24 . if i was as self aware as i am today , i would have been really nervous for my well being . 24 is barely a grown up .
dude , you won the internet for today . fantastic answer . no idea if it ' s what happened , but this is great stuff ! seriously .
play has articles on league , fighting games and all kinds of things related to the typical male experience .
it had it ' s good and bad moments , i think for the most part it was n ' t overboard , but the aftermath of op ' s link was definitely the hardest part to swallow .
yeah , i ' m not making fun at all . that just tickled me for some reason . i like it .
feather : you ca n ' t charge them ! first off , the house is under my name , second dust is my fiance !
i think the next place that i work , i want it to be a place that has cc only policy . that might keep some of the cheaters or johns out .
no . that would ruin the flow . full movie , fifteen hours , one sitting . maybe bathroom and drug breaks .
i can try . but i worry it would drown any soft noises , so it ' d just be a speaking video . but thank you . i will keep the tapping advice in mind too .
both ! not the best combination ! : d still better grammar then the bible !
i do n ' t care what the constitution says . i think the right to bear arms regardless is a basic human right .
thats so cool ! it must be really fun to work with something that also interests you as a hobby !
yea , no way you ' ve never lost a game playing it legit . calling bs on this one , lol .
the market determines who is worthy of inclusion , as i suppose they have now . just saying , it is not video game ' s job to represent anyone .
yeah and that reason was flavor and extending the life of the meat .
you mean novice dragon combat overhaul ? i was n ' t sure if the mod worked with the various levels of play .
the best part was , once we squeezed it in with literally inches to spare , the mechanics asked us to move it over because we did n ' t leave them room to place their ladder .
that computer is just a simulation of your mind . it ' s not like you can copy your brain into a computer and then suddenly that becomes the center of your subjective experience
i took accutane 15 years ago and it was the best decision of my life . not sure what the bowel comment is about , please elaborate
should we shut down or bomb most us news stations then ?
devils advocate here if it was illegal or even mildly regulated do you think the kid would have been forced to the black market for his raw caffeine ?
if this yang found out what you want to do , you wo n ' t even live to screw one of them .
i can charge in the car .
you could buy it in italy in june , and then it was removed . from both the . eu and . com store . e : the only comic i ' ve seen it for so far .
thanks for the tip .
dude , whatever . you did n ' t get what you wanted to hear and you ca n ' t sell your book , too bad . as bad as new atheists are , liberal white knights are leagues worse .
how was it close enough to take out zombies on the wall , but not take out the wall itself ?
is biting someone an action that god would find acceptable ?
hindsight has always been the biggest part of prophecy .
for real , there will never be another space jam with anthony davis or lebron or anyone lol . mj captured fans from generations he did n ' t even play in .
punish is the root word in punishment . what does punish mean ?
you must live in an area with like 2 black people who are both doctors or lawyers .
i was thinking about making this exact recipe this weekend because it seems so simple . how would one go about searing such a huge chunk of meat like that ?
it was a sanitary napkin .
oh , i have no doubt . it ' s way easier for them if the deeper stuff has been done already so they can get anybody who does n ' t know up to speed with just information needed for the plot .
do n ' t forget the waitresses say sorry when they bring you your food
the gta v recorder does n ' t work the same way , it hardly takes any processing . it ' s just logging in game actions , not capturing any video at all .
you guys will be going to game six up a game with the best goaltender in the league . it ' s a lot better situation to be in than it probably feels like right now .
thats fine . i ' m ready now . could i go to your town ? i think there ' s a medal for visiting other ' s towns . also , could i buy the two furniture pieces from you ?
come one , come all . take from my tree . but leave booze fuckers .
to heck with the screen shape , i bought a digital watch , why put a fake analog face on it ?
we hung sheets on all four sides ! so it was just like a tent but with more room . then if it got too hot we could pin a sheet or two up , or all four if we wanted to be more social haha
you liked watching alliance and clg . eu games ?
no , my point is that exactly . the indian servers at 50 ping feel like playing on 10 frames a second . i ' d much rather play sea at 70 - 100 .
i own one . i would still recommend parchment paper . it ' s a pain to clean .
yes , which means someone who eats halal can eat kosher but not vise versa .
sky sports claimed that they will be running the 2014 car during the first week .
grey team could easily be alive . they were made to be out of contact for extended periods of time .
if the person is a smoker you can just soak about a pack of cigarettes or a bottle of nicotine for ecig fluid to water and inject it , causing an o . d . without looking suspicious in autopsy
yeah i was using the fire rune for extra damage , but still did n ' t have rage issues .
i save my mattress for the troll portal and the raid forces me to go first to prove that it is n ' t the troll portal .
thx so much and enjoy the shiny i give u : d
except we ca n ' t eat the type of corn that goes into ethanol
you do n ' t like the part where you win the game more than kickoff ?
wow . i find that hard to believe . sorry for terrible luck if it ' s true
yes they do lol . its very draining on me , actually . its like americans have no discipline and self control , and they run rampant . trapped within their own bodies .
i think i had floyd up by one or two . was a close fight .
yeah . everyone i ' ve met have been super cool . i even met a collector that was gonna sell me a rosalina for 20 bucks .
dude . watch last weeks episode . it was way way more dope .
i ' m actually working to make a donation in raleigh when i ' m in town next weekend for a wedding . any suggestions on a deserving facility would be much appreciated !
my wife is n ' t much of a reader and even she agrees . she bought the audio book with it and was very annoyed because it sounds like it ' s being read by one of the kardashian girls .
there were rumors of that being the case but no one has been able to prove it , not to mention the man who threw it was arrested and the club was fined .
fun fact : the sabbath is actually saturday , whereas sunday is the lord ' s day .
i was aiming for an in and out , back and forth line of thought .
that ' s it . in standard trim they ' re boring fat pigs if you ask me .
can anyone or is anyone working on missiles or planes that can emit enough of the right sort of energy such that they are read on the same wavelength as the sun ? or is that just impossible ?
never seem this one here in brazil . we usually even call the closest one , to save energy and stuff . some ppl do n ' t give a fuck tho .
was n ' t a date . op thought it was a date but did n ' t tell her that .
for sure . i suppose whatever they do decide , certain segments of the population wo n ' t like it : p but whatever they do , i ' m sure we ' ll all keep playing !
i do n ' t think so . it is a big universe , made bigger with space exploration . some people need a bullet .
let us know what he quotes . i live in brandon , i do n ' t have any yard but i ' d be happy to help you break in your new green .
probably should ' ve sold butler before the silver ticket release today but yeah . otherwise looks fine .
i can attest to this , turned me off for awhile , and my friends thought the game looked bad . now i dont have friends .
die ? if that ' s the case pro athletes would be dying left and right
last i checked 5 . 11 does n ' t have a kids line . also , the problem is that the kids xl is long enough for me but was made for the fatasses that used to beat me up in grade school . jelly .
awesome , appreciate it . i was always told it was bad but never given an explanation as to why .
my favorite part about playing rome is not having any iron near you at all .
came here to say this . some delay does n ' t hurt either .
his questions make it seem like he literally has no idea who push is other than the info he ' s reading for the first time on cards that his producers assembled for him
i ' d love to get into underwater welding . i like swimming and being in water and i like welding . so i feel like it ' d be a good fit
super simple - i suck at putting full strip lashes on - i feel really comfortable putting these on and wearing them anytime i do wings .
what field do you work in ? is it oil related ? personally that sounds like hell to me .
note that , in civ 5 , it ' s still rounded down to 10 . which is still 2 more than the next one down , mind you .
there are usually library technology courses through colleges or technical schools . it ' s a lot of computer systems design and management .
is it going to play again ?
700 degrees when shut brick oven .
how does a restriction on steak and seafood cost money ?
pretty sure it does n ' t work , i initially tried to get the achievement that way , but got nothing when i reached 10 hearts .
nuclear ones , that do n ' t need to actually strike or even come very close to any ship in order to do its damage ?
for government contracting companies contingent hires means , you are hired for this proposal we are working but if we do n ' t win the contract you are fired .
ahl , he was a former nhl player or future nhl player at that point .
they are working on top of open protocol . they could be effective at censoring not more than lawyers of beyonce .
i agree with not trying to have 13 . seems much better to try and get them all really full .
do it . it ' s like a giant brownie cookie !
you will never stop red bush !
no problem ! just let me know when you ' re ready and i ' ll open my gates .
gpa does n ' t matter once you have experience , but all but the most entry level jobs in bio tech have enough applicants that every part of your cv counts .
why would you grip the cup ? the cup is hot . thats the whole point of a mug , to not burn your hand off . unless its cold . then i ' d grab the cup , i guess .
you do n ' t find it tastes stale ?
i saw ninth parallel in the vip area up top but puppet was at the late show and i was at the earlier one .
the north grove must never be lost .
he was a fantastic coverage lb , we just have too many guys who are both good in coverage and great pass - rushers . he ' s easily better than every raider lb not named mack .
the secret is to massively over build it .
especially when you grow them in horse shit !
not in high sec .
my question is , does he have family or business partners that would continue things how they are now after he dies ? like what will actually change ?
does he masturbate and do you two have any oral sex ?
for 1 . 3 million dollars , i ' m pretty sure the majority of people would lie against their ex that they do n ' t like .
but i grew up with pokemon and dbz . i think i was 10 when first generation games were out
i ' ve been eating less calories , more fiber and more water .
east germany took more than a decade to fix , and it was n ' t in anywhere near as dire a state .
i came here to tell you to get your head out of your ass , but you already covered that ground for me .
it made me smile . more than most of the content on reddit , really .
nice ! happened the same with my friends haha
faculty ids are accepted by the school as id , you ca n ' t use it at the liquor store . you ca n ' t use your work badge as a passport either .
are you in brooklyn ? i just posted a thread , check my history .
thanks man ! i ' m really proud of that set too . i got mad and did n ' t crumble by the end . really good sign for me .
it all depends on how much you are getting paid . if i ' m willing to work long hours for a high salary , that ' s not exploitation .
he ' s stated that he has no enchanting skill , so i think he ' s better off using an enchanted item , rather than enchanting himself .
good point .
it ' s not verification . the flair is self - edited . i ca n ' t remember how right now , but message a mod and they ' ll probably help you out .
i like the idea , but at the same time , i really like it now i ' ve added the colour though .
there was also no invasion in the 60 years before that . it is more complicated than that .
any advice on post - processing ?
because fat girls have hijacked the word . this is the true meaning of curvy , bask in it .
what about maintaining an mt car is more expensive ?
interesting aspect to consider . you mean like a sol ring or gilded lotus ? do you have any card suggestions ?
i think it ' s more an attitude of the parents towards alcohol than the law . nobody ' s going to get caught in their own home .
you ' re right . being arguably one of the most free countries on earth is super worthless . fuck veterans right ?
honestly , at this point i ' d even take something like a short college humor sketch with the entire crew .
i ' m hoping that they ' ll have a bunch left over and put it on sale tomorrow .
i feel like if a 3 . 5 uses the lines on a guy he ' ll think she ' s overly confident and it just makes her almost less attractive . but that ' s just me .
haha . point . bye !
what about the cat food ? should i save up to 1500 or use the 10 for 750 now ?
not afraid to admit im a 25 yo jerking off to my many fantasies with her .
yes , it sucks . but in the end , they are just operating on retail margins . that ' s why they do n ' t have very good perks or the best pay .
his post history is pretty fucked up besides the cum box .
yes , sounds good . it might be a little while as i ' m trying to go in order of who commented first .
it depends entirely where you were . some rural classes had 12 kids while others had 40 . some schools were removing every second fluorescent light tube to save money .
is counting breaths the same as giving to charity ? does it makes sense to count homeless people you pass by , then give them money an hour later ? no , it does not .
depends i usually just scrub them down . soles , leather , etc . you can rep ai n ' t and all but that ' s a longer and more expensive process . you can make more money from that though
ever tired of shilling for russia ?
i dunno , i think the 9th largest army in the world with operations in 11 countries could probably do some serious damage .
vagina . i can google too .
the hero portraits are actually the same in - game models using different animations . that ' s why they are able to talk without breaking the portrait animation .
no , but if i run out of toilet paper in the next snowstorm , the bible might actually come in handy .
could he really deflect a blast several times larger than his body ?
it ' s not for leisure , man , it ' s all business . get in and get the job done , and get out . yank it out quick before the withdrawals set in
do n ' t do it unless you do n ' t mind fighting to make the world safe for corporate capitalism .
cool . or not in this scenario .
to bad there ' s more to the game then offense .
my sister gave me a jack spade computer bag . i love it .
it ' s their expensive yet effective marketing campaign .
am 28 , can confirm morning appetite has been gone for the last 3 years .
so did he end up going fo a new rotor ?
it is not if you ' re trying to prove a fact .
haha word , yeah i rep the south heavy man and i ' m from the east coast . houston is easily my favorite hip hop city
are you a doctor ? did you check her knee personally ?
i chose to stab them in the leg and had just finished lunch so i was n ' t really hungry anymore , but yeah , something like that .
every time ? i ' m gonna come over to your house and fuck your sister . potassium .
sure , we ' re playing on saturdays if that works , i ' ll pm you my skype username
good good , let the potato flow through you . you are now deemed an honorary irish citizen . let us go to johnny foxes to celebrate ! i ' m buying !
it does n ' t take calories into account though , so i ' m not too focused on calories . i pay more attention to fat and carbs , since those are used to calculate the points value .
hmm yeh mood really effects the sorta music i listen to as well , sometimes its full gangsta rap other times just instrumental hiphop aha
that did n ' t work at all . however , i went to nintendo support and they recommend using a clean , dry toothbrush . worked like a charm .
i do n ' t imagine i ' d go to new york , or that new yorkers would have any problem yelling at me to get my ass out of the way .
my teacher has n ' t graded my exam yet . but that ' s because my exam is tomorrow .
pluto perhaps ?
really , dude ? go read about mr . wiener again . or clinton . or the many second - tier democrats in big cities caught up in every single kind of crime .
probably . it ' s difficult to find a dvd player even now , at least one that is n ' t used or several years old . it ' s all blu - ray now .
well i was 13 btw . they were not feeling it . yelled at my cousin for renting it . haha .
i really hope this is a dark joke .
get that shit under your name alone and do n ' t let anyone to get that ! that is your escape to study and live a normal life !
great information ! i had no idea what they were used for and still kinda do n ' t . care to explain ? do i dung the monster i want to fight or the one i want to flee ?
this is like how military awards medals for taking part in battles . if you are a liberal under fascist modi , you need to have your own battle stories for a membership .
i would do that but i was n ' t planning to buy emp , i wanted to buy emp with the gold i have . thanks for the advice though !
lots of perfectly normal kids go their entire lives without being adopted .
i honestly do n ' t know of any other team in any sport that wears those colors together .
so you ca n ' t refute the points . meaning your points are invalid .
the real game is trying to determine which people you can safely walk behind - ie . people who wo n ' t stop suddenly for no apparent reason .
i feel ya on that . i ' d definitely try to find regional facebook pages . would probably be your best bet , other than trying to run your own .
i do n ' t think so . maybe it was where they kept the animals during the off - season or something .
still works though , i tried and it showed the reduced price just like on every other case .
frankly it would likely get you looked on more kindly if you were using the money for food due to starvation so yes it would be relevant .
sand sucks , it gets in everything and never leaves
at 6 ' 0 i can see 140 being a size zero . which was mentioned in the last picture . but that ' s a height thing .
you ' re doing the lord ' s work . rep the bay and fuck la for eternity .
i do n ' t think i ' ve ever had a game where the ai tried a naval invasion , though . they seem to have trouble dealing with them .
yeah . the sandals and jean shorts made me think it was a troll .
he begged them to end his life . so likely more awake than he ' d like to have been .
you were on point with sonic , imo meta knight ' s worst match - up , but pikachu rather high in mk ' s favor contrary to what ' s being thrown around in this thread .
is elliott city where the mall is ?
the problem is i was growing one plant and had all hopes on this one , fuck i will be careful thanks
that may be true , but looking at the way a career path went 30 years ago has to always be taken with a grain of salt .
i feel there are far more important things in the world to be putting our money toward too tbh .
yeah , thats why i added a note to it . i just wanted to show that less demanding games can also cause a cpu bottleneck . i ' m not blaming the devs .
it ' s just marketing . you could ask a similar question about hundreds of well known products such as hawaiian punch or cookie crisp .
a lot of people seem to think that so you ' re not alone ! : d
my friend saw him live and said he puts on a fantastic show . i missed him but if he comes here again definitely going .
for me panty hose is like a one time use item . i always seem to fuck them up !
well oil and natural gas do n ' t literally fall from the sky . seems like a closer source would make sense . or a sustainable water policy .
in addition to this , he was the original superman , starring in 4 movies . the first two were fantastic and i personally thought he for the role amazingly , even by today ' s casting standards
our cops would just tell everyone to go home . they ' d only come if you were being too loud or going out onto the street
no kidding . we are freaking 4 - 23 all - time against the big 10 .
so long as he presented a reasonable alternative i do n ' t see how . every successful left wing movement existed before email .
source ?
but where does the dick go now ?
high risk , high reward . duh
that ' s a very good point
seems like nothing is ever this easy anymore haha . thank you kind person .
i say it only applies to dogecoin and if you say i am wrong then that is proof i am right because someone said the car was wrong and look how that turned out ! checkmate !
great ! thanks for the information . it seems like a really good place to stay . are there any negatives that you got out of the experience ?
sounds cool ! they used to be based very close to my home town . i actually played high school ball in one of their old parks .
dude , i really love it . this dragon fruit hoops is giving it a run for its money .
thankyou , hopefully parts wont be too hard to come by if its a write off . hope your resto goes smoothly
there is a sliver of hope left , however , do n ' t know where to go to actually talk to someone without being thrown in the hospital .
this market has proven to be unresponsive to negative or positive news though .
but i loved her . for real . these feelings do n ' t go away man . somebody stop me before i put up drake and call my ex .
after some research , you seem to be correct . i probably read that ppl wanted goku to be the hero not necessarily the strongest
destroyed . that sounds pretty perfect .
thanks - i got that flipped around . actually that fits garnet ' s sense of humor better .
have n ' t seen a lot of ugly cars huh ? these are pretty tame in comparison .
assault with intent to cause bodily harm . throw every possible charge at this piece of shit .
mine yourself right into the belly of the beast . i like the sound of that . just be ready for the army that will be waiting inside , since i ' m sure there ' ll be a hull breach alarm .
i ' d love nothing more than do to exactly that but i work with him 5 - 6 days a week so if i can come to some sort of civil conclusion , it ' d make my working life a lot easier .
it may not be but jesus taught in the bible how to pray and praying to mary is n ' t .
hank , the day after thanksgiving is , in my opinion , the biggest shopping day of the year .
i should rephrase . everyone affected by it is certainly upset about the whitelist . but i was talking about the people on the outside of the situation .
like the design and looks fits the players ? or the jerseys are sized well ? because the first time i read it i imagined the latter one .
of course i got the helm . thats the punch party crown .
when you say plenty , i think you actually mean you need all the download speed
why wo n ' t coquelin be available ? i agree that alexis needs a rest , he has n ' t ben himself lately . would like to have a fully refreshed alexis for the utd . game too .
batman only operates at night . spider - man and iron man ' s mask cover their whole face . cap is the only one this applies to , but maybe the super - serum makes him tan slower ?
again , mean immediate royal family .
i live in queensland , i actually love it , you have pretty nice weather all round ! summer is notorious for non - stop rain though haha
and even if they do n ' t rent , they usually have such great sales that buying may be cheaper anyway !
would a rinse be sufficient or should i wait to polish for my next wash ?
correct .
scherff is being pegged as a guard right now . no one is going to trade up into the top ten to take a guard
make sure to check out the narrows too ! ask about the possibility of flash floods . such a fun hike through the water !
they could of just made new emblems . still looks pretty neat though
that ' s a good idea - there might be enough room in the mount to contain the whole thing , actually .
true but this aircraft was registered on the polish military register so chicago convention does n ' t apply
go back to your continent !
mostly its just the teeth that are different , not to mention he has different parts from toy bonnie .
it would be more extreme , if you and sweden had a competition on who could annex the most clay in the world . and i doubt you had a war that lasted for 100 years with them .
i ' m lvl 35 , so will be unlocking shroud next . sounds like that ' s gonna help a lot !
i ' ve gotten severe burns before , it smells pretty terrible but overall pretty much the same as meat that ' s been set on fire . maybe i just have a bad sense of smell ?
and it was warm , ice having not been invented yet .
5 fights ago and he talked shit like he would have finished if he did n ' t he get hurt forgetting conveniently that max was also hurt his foot in the first round
same . i never care about worthless internet points . does n ' t impact my confidence in the slightest .
because they tried giving us a set date multiple times , and we all know how that turned out for their reputation
hot coals ! you can go super fast and i ' ve seen people do it without burns but it seems glass would stick in you . ouch .
mining does n ' t cease , the coinbase reward gets cut in half every four years . the idea is that transaction fees will gradually become the majority of the compensation for miners .
the guy is asking underage high school girls to strip . how is he not in jail ? any parent would back out from having their daughter married to a person being bars .
you seem to see yourself as a machine whose purpose is to serve other people . the whole point of our existence is to please ourselves . why else are we doing this ?
used to feel the same way , but after a week of playing it seems like the most normal thing on earth .
you are thinking cola .
the best question is how hard a dunk does it take for people to cry on reddit ? answer : not many at all , about 10 .
you offer to give the youtube staff blowjobs .
i agree . the average house shot bowler who is just beginning will have consistency issues if they try to much on altering releases .
i went last year . so jealous i was n ' t born a year later .
yes , and not everyone believes these cartoons are n ' t modeled after children , which are real things in real life .
it ' s always still held but primarily for the print media now . that ' s why there ' s always a delay before the top 3 hit the media pen outside .
just some extra protein .
not until you stop mocking me !
no . he ' s joking around about the fold in the middle of the picture .
hell ' s frozen over , boys . arizona to hell confirmed .
well shit . they do look a little pyramid - like . do you have any suggestions on how to make them look more like mountains while still keeping it minimalistic ?
you should be okay to learn it alongside ue4 .
i got stuck on building space stations in orbit around other planets . ca n ' t wait for 1 . 0 as the new fuel collecting parts will make my planetary bases way more useful .
yes ! he ' s getting more annoying every week . i predict tv ' s first gay divorce , if it has n ' t happened already .
ok but i think some guy already set it up , the guy at the music store said someone was checking it to make sure it plays good .
at the same time europe has made its largest economic growth ever and prosperity in its longest recorded period of peace between the major countries .
cabin in the woods is n ' t really a comedy . tucker and dale is though .
racists are n ' t rare in toronto , honest people are . i ' m doing my part to help out .
fantastic ! thanks for your time ; i ' m sure this will make a great article .
crab apple - so bitter .
now , now . no need to turn to childish insults .
he ' s got some of those too , i forgot to mention . he also has one of those roller ball track toy things .
oh shit i would so watch that movie .
last i heard , it is n ' t a woman . it ' s a man .
i think he was way too dangerous to approach right away , his teleportation could have side - effects on others or some other danger .
oh , i know it does n ' t hurt the soap since i ' ve done it for years , i ' m asking if the cork would get messed up putting the lid back on when the soaps wet ?
see the bottom of my post .
i think dope can be another word for crack too , depending on who you ' re talking to .
actually , i guess redstone is a colorado mead .
let ' s not forget to invite the british , rulers of a quarter of the earth ' s land , in on the fun !
i do n ' t follow football and do n ' t care how they arrange their teams .
actually , they frequently look exactly like other drag cars . hell , there ' s a school bus that does wheelies , they just moved the engine to the back , but it looks like a school bus .
even with 30 vit ludwig almost 2 shot me .
definitely will do that in the future man !
same places as the others . try looting the prison . i found 3 in a single server .
i love difficult games , oh god , cant wait to rage at this one . soundtrack amazing hopefully ?
i was only introduced to who he was the day he died . after that and watching some movies he was in i was really sad such an amazing man died early .
shit , been trying to avoid reading the manga . do you have an idea how far behind the anime currently is from it ?
dont forget : black people : scary
what ' s wrong with it ? it ' s better sourced than any newspaper article i can think of .
we did n ' t even have luck at the time . the guy was my favorite football player .
even better if some force of snow has maybe twisted your leg way , way into a wrong position or broken your arm .
he ' s already answered the first one in an interview my friend .
came here to say this . ottawa central station at 265 st . catherine street definitely has one .
he was good in big love too . totally different type of character in that show .
1 million is enough to start a business that will provide you for the rest of your life .
that ' s exactly how precedence is set . it becomes binding on courts of the same level , and is persuasive on courts of a higher level .
it has more to do with the ai changes . the pups are a lot less likely to kill the queen now , and penta is the bread and butter of early th9 which op is .
teeth are bones and from what we ' ve seen it can be concluded that ghouls can fix their bones .
yea it is . thanks man always good to get some encouragement
i ' ve had both and i taste little difference .
well , my true love is my master ' s daughter , so really i ' m a slave twice over . all i have to do is kill my lady ' s father with her blessing and escape . easy .
the seats look like the crowd in early fifa games .
or say have some intern save some cum for a few months on a dress or a dirty cigar ?
yes . we ' re always hearing about how the cops only got to shoot someone 2 or 3 times because the triggers were too hard to pull .
well if people feel the price will drop back , what ' s the point of covering ?
thank god . i was scared i would never get to kill a whale
at least you have that much and are n ' t stuck in a shitty groundhog day of summer . los angeles hurts my eyes .
you cannot pick up explosive arrows , and you do n ' t get any from ammo pickups . so ammo bag only .
when she gets that check and she ' s buying me dinner and clothes , that ' s fucked up . i ' m dating her .
i do n ' t have asthma outside of the dairy issue so i ' m very happy for that but it ' s annoying enough as is
ah , it ' s that one . how is the youth academy management in this mode ? i was curious when i saw it , but never took the time to go test it as i was mostly curious about my club mode .
yes ! that ' d be 3 . 50 and i think shipping would be around 1 . 50 and tracking is another dollar . so like 6 . 00 ? if you want to pick another sample for me to throw in for free , you can .
no , not simple as . you ' re missing my entire point . vp slows down their play and takes longer because they have a kit . they play around a 5 second defuse time .
you ' re trying way too hard , was a sarcastic statement
i have n ' t seen your knife so i might be off , but you should be able to get a average howl .
swede here . agreed !
heh , i dont mind walking at all from anywhere in nashville , i ' m just not that familiar with free parking spots around town
what ' s the culture like ?
what about the part about your self righteous suicide ?
he killed an inn full of criminals though .
yes , a powerful secure screen door . do n ' t open your front door .
i do n ' t want poor people getting to a point where they are knocking on my door for food and breaking into houses . i want them to be ok with what they got . not the best but ok .
that isnt gold . those are yellow flags from elite pi calls
not gay enough .
in the book he says 6 minutes 10 seconds . best advise i can give you is to have a large ice bowl of water ready , the residual heat can mess with the egg and the shell sticking to the white .
why do you suppose the law has n ' t caught up to ethics yet ?
no worries , hope you enjoy the rest of the series .
not min at the moment listed him 3 days a few days ago has 24 mins left at 300 , 00
i just did a little bit of research and it said that nbome tastes like candy ? could you elaborate on what this stuff is
the only thing worse than a sore loser is a sore winner .
do n ' t talk about what is smart if if you are literally putting something you use to remove poop from your asshole on a controller and you ca n ' t even spell you ' re right
but how would you fight crime with a clean apartment ?
it should be a great ride . already had a nice layout now you can enjoy it without trying to avoid an injury .
that ' s true , the front fork would ' ve been bent as well .
i ' m just saying when she has full control she dosnt wear blonde
oh now i am interested in how marriages work over there . why did your entire family have to move ?
just spamming attack wo n ' t get you anywhere on death march , i have to be careful all the time . just a couple of mistakes means heavy damage or death .
maybe the way cars were handled in sims 2 ?
the initial contract is 3 years , then the player becomes an restricted free agent .
that ' s fine . ryan is still far from the best of recent times .
i actually know the perfect song to play in response . to the harp !
i ' ve been listening to a radio station based on this song on google play , and all of that has been gold as well .
in a 30 minute tv show , there ' s usually 6 - 8 minutes of commercials . i do n ' t know how that compares to other nations though .
so how do i test stability ?
yeah i ' ve never been real big on leviathan or black metal and i enjoyed my first listen and will have to give it another
okay , well when it ' s your dad or you son who they leave alone and ends up killing themselves i ' m sure you ' ll change your tune .
when i had him , he was great .
that ' s exactly what i thought
and they ' re fuckin loud . rubber tires reduce the noise significantly .
yeah he ' s really made it to the big times
i wear them around when i ' m bored . could give a shit less about being cool , they are so much fun ! fuck walking , you can just glide to class .
it does when you get a ticket for drunk driving though .
a man named angel di maria should be living in a fucking castle .
that ' s her way of telling you to lose the fucking weight . she bought you a gym membership for a reason .
do you work in an office ? do you look at this shit at work ?
perhaps you should ask her why she feels that way . is it justified ? if it ' s not , why do n ' t you do the cleaning and rub her face in it ?
i thought the stats show that when men actually try for custody they get it quite frequently ? either way , she makes much more money than him , so at least he wo n ' t have to pay any alimony .
an appropriately sized stove bolt or hex bolt from the hardware store will work fine as well .
ffs read her first sentence again .
caviar ? so expensive and fancy you have to pretend you do n ' t like it . courtney is the queen of fish .
hmmm but i ' m glad we do n ' t have moral at three because it was just too much for the first turn moral play to consistently take out your opening monster .
i ' m almost 30 . that would be a fair argument if we were talking about twilight i guess , but i would say stardust is a nice family movie .
buy him a blow up doll and charge him 30 bucks an hour to watch his kid while he takes care of business .
it ' s not so much me that has restraint , as my bank account . baby steps !
i dont like it all when the event us public . the last event that was private was absolutely perfect ! the crowd ruins it a lot
whatever you do do n ' t picture your mom in a sexy halloween costume
that ' s what i read about the case last time i looked it up . i ' m assuming dine in did n ' t fall under the same procedures
your taxes pay for a bunch of stuff you probably disagree with and always will . the state can never reflect everyone ' s interest .
you do n ' t need a high draw weight for 3d or field archery .
i ' ve done this before with mcdonalds sweet tea cups before . or pour some liquor into a slurpee and just walk around with that . both are great
got no internet for a week moved house dont think i ' ll be able to get the double xp tokens
his problem is he works great in a banter but when just talking alone it does n ' t have the same flow
definitely looking into a super small water tool !
cultural marxism is going to be the fall of the west .
idk if it ' s the same guy but idk who the fuck they ' re trying to target with that guy .
hell , in india you can get the same movie completely remade in two or three different languages .
not quite half the price . i wish lol . that would be a deal . : d
i work at a restaurant i ' ve seen a few bank of america key cards . there ' s also one in the picture .
for what it ' s worth , i ' ve been through an embarrassing amount of spanish ed and still speak it like a child , so do n ' t feel too bad !
i ' m not following , sorry ! i know there is potential , as with anything in life ; but for a master ' s to start at 30 - 40k is ridiculous in other fields , that is just my take , though .
i do n ' t mind min maxing . i suppose i will name this character for you . what race do you want to be ? : p
none of my friends play non - seasonal , either , so the gap between seasons we just take a break from the game .
she about lost her marbles when he stood there petrified , staring at her like she was some kind of statue .
that does not make sense either . addiction is a mental health issue . we as a society need to treat it as one .
trying to redeem the empties i reckon ?
kill those who provide content , be it low - quality .
he could probably run for president .
let ' s get ready to ramble .
i would just make sure it is light as possible . spirit gum is cheap and works pretty well . also , if you have to buy something that is n ' t water proof you could always coat it with something .
i could n ' t see any flickering , so i guess the caps are smoothing it pretty well . but if i had something to measure the brightness , it probably would detect something , yeah .
and they still elected a massive cunt .
deal ! my town or yours ?
does it usually relax you or give you more of the stimulating feeling - i find that for me it ' s sometimes unreliable which i get more of .
so shaving your makes it grow better ?
things are harder to build when it ' s not legos in your mom ' s basement
to be fair , pau basically single - handedly gave you guys game 1 .
if you had a raccoon on your back and a broom in your hand , would you beat him off ?
have other departments done research on how melting ice affects submarine routes and previously laid battle plans for arctic naval combat ? the dod does lots of stuff that only the dod can do .
take note redditors . if you do n ' t feel this way about her celeb crush then you are going to be the crazy ex
i know i ' m old because i thought that was a scottish restaurant and was disappointed to learn it was just another sports bar that employs off - duty strippers as waitresses .
read something big . you ' ll blow through a chapter and realize you missed the good parts that your brain was trained to ignore . i suggest gravity ' s rainbow .
as a non - partisan member of the viewing public , i applaud this work !
this is agreeable . signed , david cameron , prime minister of the united kingdom .
this is the purgatory i ' m living . my coworker even commented how my slacks were falling off . on the other hand , a bunch of other people ask me how to lose weight and do n ' t like my answers .
fowler does n ' t play an actual position and looks raw as hell and not supremely athletic to make up for it . 28 is n ' t that old for a linebacker . especially one we just paid big money to .
well that ' s good at least . somewhere potentially warm during the weather and close hopefully . best of luck .
why am i hard again ?
the more cities the better . and i doubt it ' ll be the same exact card and message
in a divorce people change their minds all the time about alimony , child support and custody . usually after the new fling wears off or drops her for a new person . been there and done that .
or probably threatening the guy shooting them with the water cannon .
even with all the cleanliness and prep in the world accidents can still happen and holy fuck human feces are disgusting . also yeah , do n ' t plan on it .
if you ' re drunk and sitting in the driver ' s seat of your car , car off , keys out of the ignition , you can still get a dui in va .
yup that ' s the one . i remember renting it and watching it like 3 - 4 times before i had to return it .
had a little scare towards the end of the game where he spent a bit long making up his mind with the ball , but even so superb display by kelvin .
but the camera is moving . i mean , maybe the ground is moving but it does n ' t seem like a tripod to a layman like me .
i ' m fine with a smaller guy to give a different skill set to defend compared to cam and junior . and dupree is fairly big as he is projected as an olb and not a de .
the circle of life .
yea , i work in it as well . whenever an office calls and its identified as this the only option is wipe and restore .
we - all people - are more than the labels we apply to ourselves or others apply to us . we need to grow beyond the labels and take notice of the actions and rational thought .
lotv is looking pretty cool , though . have to see how the new units work out .
that ' s the way it should be . separate personal life from work life .
very much so . mount and blade multiplayer was a really cool niche and the chivalry guys took that and went with it . i would squeal like a little girl if that came to ps4 .
i ' ve heard this argument but i try and remain optimistic . i view that as one small branch of a very large , yet very new tree .
i bet he has very different life experience then his uncles based on his family experience . i ' d be willing to be that he ' s a decent human .
if they are honey bees its probably because they die if they sting you .
you ' ll find that both of those games are adequately populated with eve players - it is not unlikely that they brought it there .
absolutely . hell , our bench alone could probably make the playoffs in the east .
my eyes blood shot but my jet do n ' t lag gucci airbag just in case we crash did riff raff ghost write this shit . awful .
yeah , like the other guy said , you definitely have n ' t worked with a food aggressive dog have you ?
it ' s crazy to think that baby talk is just a form of those vibration we forgot how to understand .
it never entered my mind until i saw this post . now i really want to give a gator some lsd . do reptiles process it the same as humans ? edit : spelling .
it ' s commonly accepted that the typical 12 oz beer bottle fails around 4 volumes . use this as a guide , not a law .
so no gpu usage ? what is even the point ? why on earth would you only use one cpu core instead of multi or gpu ? seems like bad programming to me .
we ' ve been fortunate enough to never have a guitar fall out of them even in that position .
holy shit it ' s painfully obvious she ' s into you . just ask her out . edit : and do n ' t ever tell her you think she ' s out of your league .
j - kate ' s nan says she used whistle birds down from out the trees since she was about 2
people have been scratching writing on the stone for centuries , unfortunately .
sure but the hero kinda sucks at the moment anyway , so why not buff the dude a little bit , not like it would be a game breaking change
i wanna how much went into the jeep cherokee . just got one !
same ! after sex i love to kiss it as well !
it pollen again lol . what we used to say in the south when ever it covered everything and made the water turn yellow green .
evidence of what exactly , in this instance ? i think recent evidence , in europe , has illustrated that policy is not demonstrated by a party ' s internal manifesto but external policies .
five thousand being represented with a point , not a comma .
even without considering the police warning , waze is by far the best nav app i ' ve used , and i never get in the car without turning it on .
yeah , i am going to stun you and my team will usual follow suit . i like having my stats buffed .
i do n ' t understand why would you want to make it taste like peasant food .
must be , they are nothing alike gameplay - wise , and only otherwise because they are both pretty and 2d . it ' s like saying , hey - if you like metroid then you should try final fantasy !
i would n ' t try it . it does n ' t contain eggs or baking powder so they would n ' t rise or set up at all .
sure that is new york city , new brunswick nj , boston massachusetts , and washington dc
what you see is just the inside page . cover is still the same
all but tyson . thing is , you do n ' t look at boxers from the waist down . also , large , muscular legs are a hindrance on endurance .
yes , all the blue blobs are connected
her eyes glow when she uses her semblance . the scene in the opening is probably just following the rule of cool .
i do n ' t know if peeing on pittsburgh was part of the original speech or just something he said while peeing on pittsburgh on another occasion .
no , most of if is by people who either played the game or saw extensive footage of it . there ' s no conspiracy to keep the order down , it ' s just a lackluster game
nice idea . thinking of adding a few more speakers . can you think of anything else to add ?
like a metal band with a band themed sent .
i often see other - core bands mentioned on this sub , so i did n ' t think it would be too out of place if i mentioned deathcore . but my bad , i probably should have kept it strictly metalcore
i ' m going to assume your mum worked as a bikini model .
liquidity . it often makes sense to have debt and savings simultaneously .
i imagine it ' s a very rare side effect , but there ' s a class action lawsuit advertising all over the local tv channels in my area .
you can almost feel the heat in the room with the couple .
more like one defensemen away from not having any felons on your roster !
haha the pay is n ' t much , i ' m working on getting into grad school but yeah i ' ve wanted to do this since i was 12 so it ' s great . we get them from companies , luckily .
think how big of a machine it would take to process that much dough at once . either that or they messed up multiple batches . i work at a pizza place and we only make 25 lbs a batch .
a man of fine taste i see .
thanks for the advice but i know where it is and why i should up it . i leave it where it is because it seriously fucks me up when i go back to xbox as i play the game on both .
my mom is my mom . duh
that ' s what i ' m wondering . where are these academics for sports ? where ' s the people labeling every sports fan a terrorist cause of soccer riots ?
well at least it makes for quick games !
you do what you have to do , i do n ' t abuse pace online but the computer has shown me no mercy and i wo n ' t show it any back
make it the ugly green color of his jacket .
chemical imbalance is sometimes considered an overly simplified or partial response but it is not anywhere close to a lie .
i ' m pretty sure it got picked because it was actually released as a track . the actual album is n ' t officially out yet .
yes , i ' m trying to figure out how much to take and how much i get through foods i eat .
ohhh . i read that as chase . woops
the expected outcome is police see someone with a gun and shoot first .
yeah totally , great project to be honest . have you listened to any of his other projects ?
yeah , its really helpful for continuous chains of rank 10 xyz . my trains are my go - to deck when dueling anyone .
not completely sure but i think they ' re the blue stone wash .
even if you found it for him he would n ' t know what to do with it
yes , this is how all ads work . someone pays to put those ads there hoping to sell their own product .
imo the last thing you want to do is bring him up then move him back and forth . you have to give him consistency . just let him tear up aaa this year then earn through starting job next year .
good choice ! i personally dislike most of the other mounts , especially the big gold flying dragon .
i think greece and portugal would be good as well . half of their population is unemployed , they are perfect audiences for test matches .
great game , and usually pretty cheap on steam these days if you play pc games .
which dictatorship would you liked to have lived in ?
just needed the extra functionality , i have all the others still but they just are n ' t needed now .
and to persuade the english to side with them .
nope . if i go into crucible with another level 32 buddy of mine , the flag switches between us , despite my score being nearly 100 points higher .
the harder the struggle the more rewarding the experience !
when it ' s in a comic book , it ' s easy to ignore the ego
yea cause every other state does n ' t have that . classic jersey , thinking you ' re special .
quit playing yu - gi - oh , buy a pack just for the hell of it a year so back . get the dragon on the front of the pack . never happened when i played !
funny how that works .
is n ' t that what rich people are already doing ?
i believe the visual representation is dying , even if you could n ' t remove the act of dying , if people disappeared right as they died , it would be a pretty life altering thing to experience .
you can get rid of those white marks left behind by the nubs by putting a little bit of ink on them then rubbing it off . or by just painting the kit
no , same area , just the lightning was a bit off since it was very early morning and not much light . should have waited : p oh , and then i forgot i needed a timestamp .
city of culture . they know who they are !
this one does not . propaganda trying to equate the two does not qualify as a new definition .
i never knew his and have been using norton for years . what anti - virus should i be using . i ' m not most computer literate person .
blow air into the grip as you slide it down . it ' s like the little hole in the top of the grip is made for that .
i read in another forum that the devs apparently streamed the demo hammer being used on deck foundations , but i whacked away at my own with no success .
maybe that was a formal occasion .
it ' d be better than the pos diesel engine they ' re using now
i use my psp a lot for gba games , but i just wanted to do a quick project inbetween a bunch of other stuff and this seemed like a fun thing to make ! so far i ' m really enjoying it .
give it 5 minutes and you should be able to get an accurate reading .
and this is how we end up with skull island .
so you signed up for one of the free memberships they were handing out just to have a chance to kick them in the teeth ? man , i ' m glad i ' m not you .
we will both smell great ! im going to look even more like a weirdo with my hair stuffed up under my nose inhaling it all day , haha
default multi - widget on my droid mini running android 4 . 4 . 4 .
i may need to change my pants if there ' s a real austria vs . prussia showdown for hre hegemony in a league war .
they just adopted him a week ago . i can assure you they are going to clip his toenails .
so theoretically , if they ' re not playing at the baseball grounds then they can have more than 7000 ?
i used to use the brick in this fashion , but now i just throw my regular putter upside down when i need a shot to drop quickly .
without the ability to replicate the observation becomes anecdotal . world wide ancient man performed such feats .
oh yeah , i completely understand . and undoubtedly they both look really cool , and the retro jinx might look a bit empty without the tubes as well tbf .
i mean without a map . even if you know the direction , you have to estimate how far you go in in order to get the right circle to get you where you want to go
that only shows the overall track though ? and they are allowed 20 hours per week in a wind tunnel ? as a mech engineer , still ca n ' t see how this benefits them , someone explain extensively !
i think he ' s taking about a score of some sort
if you ' re gonna buy an account , at least get a global .
what ' s the strategy ? i always lose at catan so i would like to know .
i was talking about the puppet , but yes ! have a brandy !
good point .
wait you ' re actually from the brewery ? i love naked pig and truck stop is the only beer i can get my wife to drink . well done .
saw a thread about the memorial , and came here just to see how far down i ' d have to scroll before someone said this . every . single . time .
naa , it ' s like us eating any other mammal , right ? or maybe like us eating a monkey ?
you late man . i saw about that a while ago .
for real . i ' ve been with my girlfriend for 2 . 5 years and i have no idea how many people she ' s had sex with . i could n ' t possibly care less .
honestly , i bought a stick umbrella from brooks brothers . if the rain is bad , i ' ll take a cab . pricey , but an umbrella is like shoes . it ' ll still fit when i lose weight .
again . if you are so scared about it go . get . the . vaccine . and hopefully you ' re one of the lucky ones that it actually works on .
more of a hypothetical thing if anything , even if it was closed roof , its still never gonna happen
only phase 2 has really happened chronologically . the incredible hulk , iron man 2 and thor all overlap and captain america : the first avenger is mostly a huge flashback .
it lists their punishment , 2 to 10 day paid suspensions .
necessary , no . profitable , yes in the short term . people often miss the distinction between leadership and management . what you and other people in this thread are describing are managers .
i ' m canadian . you could vote for me !
why , yes , yes he can . noted for ability to pick up the blitz .
they ' d just use some different heat source to get around any process i patented anyway . i ' m not gonna lose sleep over it .
is 1 - 2 years outside the range acceptable then ? this is something i ' ve been curious about .
that ' s fair . i would n ' t exactly like living right next to a mosque as a muslim myself . walking distance ? sure . but i do n ' t want to be near that double parked mess .
it ' s planned in next patch apr 16 . check roadmap
i suppose it ' s true no matter where you go : there ' s always somebody worried about other people ' s business and trying to make laws requiring other people to accept their superior morals .
two birds , one bath
were trying that this year actually . it might not turn out right because my family has never brewed before .
but this season by far has been the worst injury disaster in a long time . what im getting at is that a change in training regime always brings injuries .
well we have another vaporizer contest next month . tomorrow has a cool ice bong contest starting . also we have tons of great recipes for cooking with cannabis you might want to check out .
yeah sure , i ' ll put a dropbox link up in a few
wait did you pull 2 xs from one box ?
plus he was n ' t a fan of horse stink .
mind doing it again ?
that was an awesome set , i wish he had been schedule later in the day
probably police or military support units .
he just wanted the age of her beauty man . like old scotch !
i do n ' t remember what i ate this morning either
i really hope no world wars ever happen again . china is a nuclear armed state and who knows what the government would do in case of defeat . it would be death of humanity .
huge numbers of americans are moving to places like costa rica which have affordable healthcare .
thank god this law hasnt passed yet . im sure well get to it eventually , with all the retards in the government .
it is actually structured like that , if you do all side - rooms . while you may think the progression goes one way , it might not though .
i think its just based on the path they ' re planning on taking . hamilton is on the path towards windsor from toronto .
ahh , that is kinda funny then haha oh , she deleted it ! too much heat i guess
superstition . from their latest studio album of the same name . i ' m nervous now lol
it helps me not have my mind run circles around the fact that i ' m not sleeping yet and sleep is important .
we had an out of town hockey tournament where we shared a hotel room . he left early the morning after we got eliminated , and did n ' t pay . splitting the room was his idea .
which then would have made more sense to see them all standing around in the end .
sorry . 18 , 220 pounds , no other allergies , health conditions , or other medication .
but we know better ! let ' s just laugh at them . it ' s never a good thing to be angry .
at confirmation of the statement , the answer to the question seems trivial .
how do i contact these other moderators ? edit : its funny how all of my post are getting downvoted you cant keep a good comment karma in this subreddit if you have an unpopular opinion
if your going aim is to come to england and compare shopping centres then yeah go birmingham . if you want to see a city with culture and more about it then liverpool or manchester
i had a lot of trouble at first too , it takes a lot of adjusting to comprehend all of the angles that enemies can fire from now . it ' s a good change though , it adds a new dynamic to the game .
i ' ve attended several c . o . c meetings , i know who runs what but region 3 has a shitload of ama clubs in it .
i do n ' t think that will be the case . but you could stream your fallout 4 pc game with mods onto you x1 .
if it ' s on spike at some point , then yes . that ' s how movies on tv works .
at some point it just feels like a hair dryer .
man , i just really do n ' t want australia to win another cup . i ' ll feel a lot better going into the finals if i know that wo n ' t be a possibility .
not on someone carving a rock , on someone threatening you with a knife .
i understand a public platoon , what i ' m confused about is if the outfit has voip why they would be talking to one person over outfit chat . unless i misunderstood of course
gillette venus for your penis .
no it is n ' t but the football federation for australia is a member of the asian football confederation . also the asian cup is real trophy . so it counts .
wait so the muscles contracting actually put so much strain on the bones that they break ? or is it just for example your leg would extend , kick a wall and break your toes ?
the calling is a major upgrade . also make sure you pick up their love child 5 that just hit stores . it ' s definitely their best offering and it wo n ' t last long .
best to let him know as soon as possible , any self respecting 20 year old ent has better contacts than his parents .
things move slower in the al .
that was a rumor a few weeks ago , i did n ' t put much thought into it though .
in bulgaria , everything is error . people are used to error . such is life in eastern europe .
i had to look her up , which was unpleasant . that ' s definitely the kind of head you ' d expect on munster if you ' d just seen her arms though .
or he will fantasize about it for the rest of his life . or maybe he ' ll get brave enough to try something and end up getting beaten up pretty bad .
just to clarify did you use a hdmi to micro usb cable ? or did your phone have a dedicated mini hdmi port
bong , joint , bowl .
there ' s no such thing as a charge on jah
they hunt drama llamas .
pretty sure that ' s all it does . still a great item though . getting a black heart every 6th room is great for keeping a run surviving .
fox news has maybe 2 hours of actual news which is n ' t half bad . the other portions though are setup to look exactly like news so it ' s hard to tell . those portions need to burn in hell .
this is what he ' s talking about
ehh . wives lose half their value once they ' re driven off the lot anyway .
yeah basically . since ad ' s are destroyed nothing really hurts them except air bombs and seeking air bomb . they still really do n ' t hurt that bad if you deploy in 3 - 5 instead of 1 - 2 .
armenia is pretty pro - russian because russia supports them in armenia - azerbaijan conflict .
i thought about this a lot when i walked pasted various people in full costume . sure some of them drove , but what about the rest ?
that ' s easy . he releases frequent content that people enjoy , does n ' t act like a 2 year old , and is a likable person .
also , the kids did nothing wrong , the mom is stupid . sucks they get punished for her stupidity .
i think the general concept is you can walk around if you wish there ' s still plenty of room for decent seated experiences eve valkyrie being a perfect fit for one of those
hey buddy . wrong thread . hope you found a fireteam .
measles , or the intolerance ?
he could be completely average and it would make him a savior for the browns . even average qb play is enough to push them way ahead . you could see it with hoyer at the beginning of last season .
you ' re very kind . no , i ' m just sort of free - wheeling it , but it comes easy and , given the warm response i ' ve been getting , will continue to punch these out as time permits .
they are not getting fined , they will just lose a ban on their next game
but dude , brotherhood was amazing right ? just finished it kinda recently and my god , one of the best shows i ' ve ever seen .
when there ' s a bike lane then there ' s no need to use the road or sidewalk . i ' m referring to when there is no bike lane .
pizza hut ?
lol . but all the dirt and sidewalk powder could have made great seasoning !
do the female ones go in for that kind of thing ?
no joke , as someone who transfers old vhs tapes to digital , i would kill for those .
old one , i play on chinese server , does n ' t get updated yet .
what about men ?
if it does all burn down , i hope ronnie b ' s the only one who walks away .
between the buried and me also did it in bloom from the parallax 2 if you want to look that up ! there ' s a beach boys riff in the song
ultra streams never seem to show the whole set because they try to cover multiple stages . the fact that we ' ll get to see him close out for 50 minutes is awesome enough .
and possibly an indian man who was meditating with don ?
i do n ' t see god as selfish or negligent .
i was wondering the same thing . maybe op lucked out and found the exact same shade of black fabric ?
hahah he could lose a few pounds . get him back into shape and he will be like a puppy again !
never morph full agility .
if police would stop shooting innocent young men , everything would be great . actually 2 things - the end of the war on drugs and end of police violence
shit , if that ' s the proper timeline i became ambivalent about death way too early .
right is wrong ! left is right !
we do n ' t because people tell those who would squash free speech to go fuck themselves . you are railing against that .
any time , with those choice you ' ll having a good time no matter what !
this is how i have it on universe mode in 2k15 .
do you ? bunk beds homie . more than 1 kid in a room . hell i know a family of 5 that lives in a 2 bed room and they are pretty happy .
a perfect date night : tupperware movie and leftover cold pizza .
anything west of 81 i call western ny , if its above 90 it ' s the north country , below 84 you ' re in the city
i do n ' t think all redheads have red pubes
except a music cd averages under an hour long . audiobooks can go anywhere from 6 hours for relatively short books , to 50 plus hours for longer books .
oh man i love this guy ! he ' s hilarious ! i ca n ' t remember his name though .
same for the death sentence . i say chinese torture tactics would be better
i hope the guy in the video presses charges .
real estate is highly speculative but comparing a digital currency , a house and a stuffed animal is not exactly sound investment advice . one of the three has zero utility .
and bomb the music industry !
but then you have an unreliable power source as the moon goes through phases , but i guess it ' s the best we can do for now
i think some people forget creeps do n ' t take no as an answer easily .
and actual leg muscle .
seriously , we won the same number of games with a harder schedule and really bad injury luck .
i ' m not looking forward to the death of mine . i know it ' s coming , and it fills me with dread .
a person wanting to win the most lucrative tournament in the games life cycle .
thank you . i ' m sick right now and my nose is so raw
i let my soap sit in the bowl with hot tap water while i prep everything else , and then without wetting the brush and letting a good portion of the water out , i go to town .
please explain how it is a product of patriarchy in lieu of religious belief ?
same , im up in wisconsin . i ' d love to be a bounty hunter .
he just stood there for a while looking at them , it was strange . when he tried to run it was just too late , end of the road .
and even then , some beer leagues make goalies pay full price .
that ' s why i ca n ' t bet all in for the favorites because of this ddos attack . depends on which side you are on , sometimes you are thankful for the ddos and sometimes you hated it .
do n ' t have to tell me , i do n ' t fuck chicks i just met . that ' s how you catch a disease or a crazy person and you ca n ' t get rid of some crazy people .
yes , that ' s why i want that plate , pretty much for that one image .
it really depends on the work . i ' m not writing a six - page essay just to prove that i can write an essay ; i ' ve got better things to do . now , my thesis i would n ' t trust to anyone .
blacks would have solved that problem . except for the first week my fingers were getting tired from typing . lmao
illegal depending on local laws . same reason why elevators do n ' t record sound .
probably just a placeholder . crota ' s end used to be listed as a level 28 raid before things were updated ahead of tdb ' s release .
i do n ' t know the reason that ' s why i ' m asking . just from what i ' ve read it ' s always been two dagger . but now i wo n ' t worry to much about getting that dagger . thank you
i once had that due to some kind of eye infection brought on by the flu . was n ' t scary as much as annoying .
i think someone was shot on the first attempt . or that may have been in a control tower , ca n ' t quite remember
because men usually lift the seat on a daily basis so they know just how dirty the underside may be . women usually do n ' t , so they do n ' t .
that would be fucking top . but then orcs and shit have to come and ruin everything . they need to smoke up and chill the fuck out .
preparing me for college by not teaching math in math class ? i do n ' t follow .
not very low . this planet is supposedly quite close to earth .
way worth it . i ' ve been trying to get my brother to do it but he thinks i ' m playing a joke on him when i tell him i do it . best feeling when you breathe after getting them waxed .
it was n ' t bad , at all . not great , but then neither was the original , really . still pretty solid .
that ' s why i spend it all on keyboards , roman .
man some of you just need to stop .
i have to get a good cry - sesh in before i gouge mine .
ahhh , since it ' s being transferred between the place i ' m buying it at and my ffl ?
the lesson is k turn causes you to lose an action anyways , so it ' s slightly less awful .
bad grammar goes across platforms . no offense , i just do n ' t trust the opinion of people who do n ' t know the difference between very common words .
i guess i ' m glad i ' m not black so i do n ' t have to deal with this shit every day .
oh alright cool . i honestly did n ' t know .
well if you get artillery before scientific theory you better finish the game off or you are gonna have a bad time during the future eras to come .
i love lightning - ing out there ! there ' s no cover for anything the size of an mbt , but a lightning can fit behind those low hills .
there ' s a shadow hand feat in tome of battle but you might have to take a few more feats to get maneuvers and stances which would n ' t be a bad thing .
it ' s the last time i ever eat at chipotle , worst mexican food ever . i ' ve had frozen burritos that taste better .
maybe in the us . does n ' t happen in europe so much . and if it does it ' s generally a place people avoid .
they will get the law changed or they will find a new way to rig the market .
we have to remember mls is on year twenty if they were not out there pounding the pavement we likely may have never seen the nasl .
yeah it ' s a lovely state
good on you . i ' d like to give a shot some day but i know it ' ll be ugly .
i ' ve played this game until my hand aches from slapping so much .
we went from contesting to tackling . i ' m fine with that
to be fair , real uggs are so bad for your feet and pretty much get wrecked within a few months of wearing them - you might as well buy cheap ones .
the computer thing especially , it ' s like they were made for hiding drugs , all that empty space is begging for it
they do n ' t just give oscars out to muppets you know .
who the hell smokes a roach ? you gotta inject that shit man
i will try . although i wish i would have paid enough attention in class for this to be completely true haha
mind if i stop by ? my favorite anime is good old dragonball z : p i ' m quite okay with being a guinea pig .
he was an oddball , he would be a penny pinching mofo but would buy these get rich quick scams from the tv .
i mark it when ed leaves . no more fun times .
which song ?
i think i might need counsel on this one .
as i understand the rotor engine uses wheels as bearings to spin in . when you press g to raise the landing gear , the bearings retract , causing the rotor to fall out .
i ' m in nz . grapes and peppers are off the charts expensive . i ' ll give octopus a shot now .
yup . most games , that are remotely close , are decided in midgame teamfights .
m8 , do you really think people can save for retirement ? like , do you not know what a mortgage is , you turbo cunt ? are you seven years old ?
so has my grandfather , what ' s your point ?
because the book was read for the plot .
i am , but the sanded surface is contacting the r - hop patch rather than the bb so it does n ' t need to be perfectly smooth ! by outside i just mean it does n ' t directly contact the bb .
a fantastic voyage rip off where a snake swallows the cure to cancer . planes in a snake .
i was thinking it looks exactly like waffle house chicken .
also , frankie ' s is n ' t the best for random music nights . i love the place , but it ' s also a bit isolated on the east side . i would suggest the ottawa tavern and uptown as a fun time .
i actually hates skyler more then ww , and ' till this day i understand and feel for ww
you just use the metal door that you would be on a shelter . so yes , it ' s less than the gate .
and by a lot of rinsing he means at least 10 minutes . i get yelled at when i ' m making them because the sink is running for so long .
no . it stays like that the entire video .
hah , i wish . if you write for a journal or other publication , they may pay you an initial sum for the article , but there ' s no royalty after that .
it would be interesting to see a study that tested whether there was a correlation cops that abuse steroids are more likely to act violently .
oh man , i really like that first book . just lost interest by the time the second came out .
hope to hear about their story in the intermission of next week ' s game then .
i think they mean they could n ' t see it in imax again so it is n ' t worth it . i wo n ' t watch pacific rim again cause in imax it was everything it needed to be .
i have to agree , the more i listen to it , the more that comes across .
yeah ! whatever the fuck that guy said !
you ' re very correct . a good mum too !
we do alright against big teams for some weird reason .
an ra stands for resident assistant . colleges have them on every dorm building floor as a sort of supervisor to make sure everything is under control .
it ' s so fun ! i ' ve only played 2 hours but i love it !
it ' s all worth it when the man and the dog get together .
was that to live in or out of the fraternity ? when i look at my own campus it ' s super cheap to live in a fraternity , but the out of house dues can stink .
nope ! i did n ' t fully use any color . besides the white dots the black was my least - used . i used a lot of magenta , pinks , and blues . but only half - way at most .
yeah this , but still one one primetime game outside of the one every team is required to have sucks .
yes that ' s exactly how it works . if you buy a used car that was in a crime are you allowed to be tried for what happened in that car ?
ok thanks , did not know this . at least it wont be a surprise for me when i finally save up more than i ' ve ever had at one time and throw it all on an insurgent .
it ' s evolving into defensive play . the game rewards defensive play , and unless we get gameplay patches , character patches wo n ' t change that .
there is n ' t even a fully fledged way to leave the eu voluntarily . article 50 just says that there will be a few new jobs and then that country and the commission will work something out .
no , we just know how to make pasta properly .
why do n ' t you stop being an idiot neckbeard that makes claims he ca n ' t back up ? dude , it ai n ' t my responsibility to prove a statement your stupid ass made .
do n ' t put bread in her vagina ?
5 hours a day , opening one night closing the next , all week , for the next couple months ! enjoy not having an even remotely sensible sleep schedule !
we are like 9 - 0 with kirk out , we are about a . 500 team when he plays . despite what thibs thinks we definitely are better without him
bitchy way , not sociopathic . there is a distinct difference between not feeling anything for you and not feeling anything . but whatever you need to focus on to feel better
try a crazy liner shape ! add curls and shapes ! live dangerously and instill fear in your enemies ! : d
no thank god . it ' s just my fatty flesh . our meat is white till it starts to bleed .
i would too , but it ' d be more along the lines of self - inflicted gunshot wound . there ' s a lot wrong with his game , and would be a terrible fit with us imo .
i never considered this until moving to a place where i had to go to a laundry mat and even then that ' s not as bad as hand washing clothing . definitely took that for granted .
yeah , but it ' s not at all comparable man lol
he does n ' t look or sound like him . it ' s honestly a pretty awful impression .
you would have to show the rest of your code so we could see what ' s going on
i do have a part time job . im telling you . money here is not the problem .
i should have specified devices that claim to target belly fat .
nice ! me too , planning on building a house boat and staying on it next summer . good luck to you !
in fact , juan only got the job because den dekker broke his wrist near the end of spring training .
i am terribly biased . i am allergic to anything from the sea . if any part of that meal touched fish it might as well be a whale steak . you went with a white sauce did n ' t you ?
or better yet bridges collapsing on road crushing commuters beneath them and hurting the people above . yea i get your point .
i ' m sure uk parents would never yell in a situation like this
he does n ' t . it unlocks a secret scene like the one in mgs4 where he has a panic attack because the controller is now wireless and different and the console has a hard drive now .
feel free to save my post and send me a pm when your ready . talk to ya soon frank
was it manchester firing line ?
lol . i was born in h . b . im from cali . moved out to ok with my parents years ago . miss it alot
its not that good , but it depends if all of your high priced guys got you the 108 or did the low priced guys get you it ?
oh please , some of these foul calls have been absolutely ridiculous . lebron can do whatever he likes at the moment , and the refs ai n ' t doing shite .
right . i missed the part where she was 12 . my mistake .
so a first impression is just a shitty review ? an opinion on a game given before he even finishes it ?
i ' d wager the number of combat deaths was higher in ww1 and the difference is disease and starvation . not that it makes a big difference or anything .
check with different agencies in different states . my father was 48 when i was adopted though this was 32 years ago .
one time it had a broken ball , so i assume that was the cause of the problem . im gonna keep testing it at home when it is totally clean and see if it needs to be replaced .
ya he had a few moments of brilliance . i am actually excited for this , its just those memories i think of when i hear his name to this day
oh , well , thank god we ' re not talking about power companies , huh ?
it ' s a rating for how much you score relative to your team . so the guy who goes 15 - 1 and comes in third is rated lower than the guy who goes 21 - 24 and comes in first
yeah that too . and from what ive heard those sort of rifles are extremely expensive in aus .
really ? that ' s incredibly disappointing ! i really want to play this game but i do n ' t know if i can put up with the frustration cs : go caused me .
funhaus played chaser ? guess i did n ' t see those videos . i know the inside gaming crew played it but those guys have n ' t put a video up in like a month or two .
it ' s the power of the orb .
sort of like nikki turning face .
damn , you need to learn how to fuck off
been doing this since i was 5 . i am an adult now and still do it . if my dog moves her head i failed .
currently blood moon thresh - and i login maybe 2 - 3 times per week at the moment . so less than an hour per day .
maybe i worded it poorly but i guess i am kind of tired of cait atm . she is the only adc i play in ranked and i ' m on a losing streak with her . so , i just want a change .
yeah she ' s very snappy . there is more of her in the other videos .
thank you ! bamboo pops up in surprising places , and river cane can be found in many places as well . it is always good to have a wide knowledge of fire making techniques just in case .
shield charge is amazing .
apparently it ' s a united fan taking the piss anyway ?
the thing is that ryan doesnt throw a great deep ball , so i do n ' t see stills being utilized much . plus he is n ' t much of a red - zone threat .
knife hits , oh man .
yeah it ' s all along the coast of bc but as you go inland it can get very hot or cold which is why i love the coast
oh cool , i did not know that . learn something new every day .
make that 4 . christie is a piece of shit .
it may be a cross , but the southern cross is a huge symbol of the lower southern hemisphere , regardless of religion , kind of like the nordic cross .
yup , dallas is for sure going to pick gregory if he drops that low . i ' d figure that they would n ' t even care about the character issues
i only sex with people that i ' ve fallen in love with . maybe it ' s idealistic , or maybe it ' s stubborn , but it ' s my principle and i ' m sticking to it .
on the way back it looks like he did . he muscles his way past the girl the way to the stage though . the one wearing blue with the tiara .
this is so true but i like their planes so much better that i still play as the germans .
it ' s about a bunch of philosophy that is really appealing in your late teens and early twenties and really embarrassing to remember that you ever took seriously when you are older .
i know last season had slightly over 100 male characters die , over 40 female .
it looks like lake orion ' s pool
i would agree with that , but why sales tax ? it is gonna hurt low income family ' s more then anything else . at least food is tax free for now .
do n ' t think that was actually them trying to throw like that since they were obviously trying to win . if anything it was more likely to be a forgetful mistake .
you seem so quiet lately ! tax season being a pain ?
i am having trouble finding it . could you give us a link ? thanks !
they sound like perfectly reasonable explanations , until you notice other first world countries are n ' t nearly as fat , and they all break down .
what ? they patched the dc cheese pretty quickly
max fades can be found for 130 - 140 pure keys . source : bought 2 of them so far , did n ' t pay over 135 for either one .
what is troublesome is that he has already made the decision that she is the one for him . she may be wonderful and all , but i think that is way too soon for him to make that decision , too .
you should ! it ' s a great ride , you can get all the way to valley forge if you have the right size tires that is lol
i ' m sure mama kitty will never forget that lol
still the best that ' s ever done it . a lot of athletes that are exceptional , also seem to be pricks .
it depends on your policy but there are many that include off premises coverage .
because u ca n ' t do that when ur sister is home .
came to say this . totally a gator . not sure about the photoshop though .
you are so mixed up in your own sarcasm that i have no idea what the hell you are trying to say . grow up and say what you mean .
bad choice , indeed . buyer was a moron . blamed me for his inability to use the gun properly .
cinci . going to the sunday afternoon game !
the real question here is who keeps their cat food dishes on their kitchen counter ? that ' s just not sanitary man .
well denmark ' s a player country so you would need his permission .
definitely agree on that , i ' ve won d1 twice in a week on ps4 but i keep holding and sometimes get relegated on x1 with much better players too .
yup ! i deleted it due to space issues on my phone , but it rocks .
thanks man !
sorry i ' m new to he game but how do you get crazed giraffe cat ?
ok ? it ' s the exact same map that appears in the book , i just googled to find a link to give . so yes , the map is associated with grrm .
easyhoon is one of the most passive laners in korea , the librarian comparison is apt when you compare easyhoon to faker , who is far more aggressive and frequently goes for the solo kill .
yep , just thought i would spread the love if anyone wants to bring some friends tonight
i live in massachusetts and i have tornado dreams about once per month . never the same dream , but always scary .
he always just looks so happy . lovable guy
enjoy your envelope and the gold .
you know i ' m almost of the mind that they ' ll get back together . and then maybe he ends up killing her .
gets more yellow as you go down in color . starts at d goes down to k i think and then after that you are literally in colored stone territory .
he ' s getting downvoted because caffeine is the least of your worries when you drink 4 litres of soda .
from a talented bruce coached team , i know this feeling all too well .
well , that stinks . i had no idea . glad i bought it when i had the chance .
combination of both . it ' s a half step up from legendary start , and there are a lot more luxuries so that you can trade them to all the civs .
you left him .
either would be a great pick , but like you i prefer the dreaming
sure . i ' ll be home around 6 : 30 my time . i do n ' t know what time zone you ' re in . as of right now i ' m only available at nights .
do n ' t ignore the runner - ups , newbee . their performance has been strong the entire year , and i expect long , exciting hype games .
well that ' s basically what i did . but anyway yeah thanks , it ' s not easy being a poor college student and wanting to cook good things !
and the best part is the quotes widget when there is no reminder set .
i would assume everything is worth less used than new , unless it ' s some sort of antique .
depression is a disease of the brain . saying sex can cure it is like saying sex can cure diabetes .
yes , shower foreplay is the tops . though you have to be careful that the water is n ' t hitting a girl when you go down on her , otherwise it ' ll all just run down into your mouth , haha .
same here . and a constant gear sounding clock i used for my alarm clock . dont need it , but it sounds soothing when i hear them .
i actually checked archive . org because of that same thought and these examples were all original content from before aug 1st of last year .
ah , yeah , sorry , i completely misread your post .
mh4u ooooooh , i tried mh3u loved it but the post - game got too repetitive for me but mh3u had no online multiplayer help , so i got bored fast .
howard shot the puck around the boards and the wild player had it go by him .
cars do not use sponges for brake pads . they used to use rubber , now they use more exotic stuff for higher end cars like ceramic .
true . by earliest i meant if we start from now and work backwards they are the first common ancestors we would come across . i should have said most recent though .
or they burst into a bunch of tiny 1 hp lids that attack the same round . they all do 1 damage , but are quick and there ' s a lot of them .
compared to the first one ? yes . as it ' s own game ? no . i love both of them .
at least you have a sense of humor , if not a sense for logic and reason .
bro they ' re just trying to have a good time why you gotta kill their buzz
ice core samples from the polar regions . they contain what was in the atmosphere at the time the ice formed .
do you like fish sticks ?
all the information you are looking for is in the post . i had also already left for the night when you posted .
tbf , we have a bonus system based on position in the league
what country are you now ?
wow , a medic going from fire to ems ? unheard of where i live .
black and red or black and blue ?
male here . i open doors for everyone , if you do n ' t like it and do n ' t have a legitimate reason , you ' re probably an jerk , tumblr - feminist or no . i ' m just trying to be nice .
yeah , because men should n ' t have sexual preferences . the only way you ' re not a hypocrite here is if you ' re willing to fuck absolutely anyone , in any condition .
that may have been one of the reasons why they pushed it back . also , they might be waiting to see how it turns out to see if its worth selling the recording .
the other being what ? gundam , dragonball , black bible ?
my bad , they were indeed married at the time .
i think that ' s it ! i ' ve possibly mixed two films together but i ' m pretty sure the popeye thing is from wolf of wall street !
except that they ' re regulated by the fda . they must do what they claim and must have what they say they have . please , if you want to sell me some hippy onion water , save your breath .
are you sure they were women ?
eve uni has official campuses in high sec , low sec , npc none sec , and wormhole space . all but the first are focused primarily on pvp .
where are these pouches at the grocery store ?
that ' s true , you could make an argument either way . i was thinking more along the lines of playing company turn 3 , or 3 - drop and bash for 2 , and letting you drop a tap land turn 1 .
yeah , very common in india . also for indian guys living in america .
you realise alchemy does n ' t turn something into cash right
have you ever eaten food off a skewer ? well imagine that skewer was a fish hook and you ' re a whale .
protip : bj is always a nice present after coming home
if you could equip a quiver with a weapon it would work : c
waking up by sam harris is a great book !
i wish to do this everyday ! me too man , me too .
not everywhere gets cold at night .
yes . and each core has it ' s own l1 with a shared l2 . this would be expanding on that principle i guess .
ps4 lets you trim the videos . edit : nvm , you can only trim a segment you want to upload iirc . you ca n ' t trim somewhere in between .
did you use the 4th this week for the arc burn ? it was crazy strong !
you ' re right , the holiday release was japan only . well i hope you ' re right i ca n ' t wait another year and a half .
thanks , i just kinda got started and got on a tangent
you got banned for citing wikipedia , when you claimed you had so much real - life experience , not for g - spot argument . it is pretty sad that you do n ' t realize that after all of this .
yes , when i went there last fall , i could n ' t find anywhere to use the bathroom .
not really people squat that much and are still fine , this guy just is n ' t strong enough and pushed him self to far .
html pals ? google pals ? honestly pen and paper might be the safest route ! lol
yeah , love enhanced targeting .
probably . in practice , hiding relevant information uses the same outward mechanisms as hiding irrelevant information
i ' ve got some friends in mexico . high production rate . also , we can get shitfaced while we ' re over there !
sure , but there are plenty of people who do n ' t make it to 95 for genetic reasons .
unless gf lies about the past in which case it ' s lying and very bad
even all of my local college basketball and football teams have similar codes for winning .
the fuel tanks are a lot lighter , engines are heavier . ratio - wise .
again , not true in all states . for example , california requires that you be paid at least minimum wage - tips be damned !
ah , of course ! i ' m a big fan of doctor who , i just did n ' t recognize the quote .
maybe you do but if the countries we have bases in saw it that way , we ' d just simply not have a base there .
the same amount of steps that it takes to find the elusive horned woodland trout , so i ' ve been told .
i totally agree with this . i also do n ' t understand why this is news now , the rockies have been bad for a really long time .
camo ' s are really badly judged from a picture due to the nature of screens and jpeg compression . you will get the better view irl but i agree that the camo might be solid
but if that was before the british army recognised it as a country , it does n ' t really count .
get a 3rd party app home boy . ur missing out on the party .
yeah , came to mind . i ' ll try in on an external monitor and see if that helps .
i understand op not liking the idea of a strange man staying overnight in her home , especially without her knowledge . edit : a letter
how has deadly class been ? i read , like , the first 5 issues and loved them but then i got away from it . is it worth catching up ?
the room looked empty on last weeks episode . i was sure he had everything with him . if not , definitely stupid that they didnt use it last night .
you ' ll be giving off a tremendous amount of power from the bottom position .
i do n ' t really go off tech demos anyways . i look if the engine can produce a quality game . if i wanted still images with realism i ' d talk to pixar
i ' ll have my people call yours
savage as fuck man .
i thought they used panda because of the white and black contrast . their logo looks nice printed without needing to be in color .
cat nip produces a mild high if you chew on a handful of leaves for a couple of minutes . nothing comparable to pot but it ' s really relaxing .
it is crazy to think the internet did n ' t even exist for the public until the 1980 ' s . so much has happened in the past few decades for technology since then .
but the upside down reverb did n ' t ?
that ' s why im still like in theory a feminist to an extent but i dont identify with the term because the modern movement is batshit insane
what ? is that a legit law ? need more info .
sometimes i hate myself for it , but then i go and do field work and that ' s what makes it all worth it .
no . one gas w natural expansion is super aggro .
the league has a fundraiser car wash with the water from the pit .
try it yourself , you ' d be surprised . if you ' re making eggs right , they need to be shiny .
i love taking frozen berries , pouring melted milk chocolate over them , or just anything combining fruit and chocolate . chocolate raisins are bomb .
i ' m sitting here , looking at my bic lighter and thinking some guy really hates the hair on his head .
exactly . if there ' s any way to change alabama , then we have to start by getting the religious folk out of office . of course : it ' s easier said than done .
i ' ll do it if you set the rules .
i agree . i do n ' t think it ' s sexual assault , at all , for either gender , but that ' s just me .
i heard it randomly while i was out one day , and i instantly looked around to see where that wonderful sound was coming from . it was someone with an iphone .
that ' s a nice way to put it . thanks .
why would n ' t it ? heat signatures are just light after all .
lol the reddit end all argument when they have lost . attacking grammar from a smartphone multitasking user
grew up in brandon , manitoba . never locked my doors until i moved to edmonton .
will do , man . thanks for the rec . 3 was amazing , but i think 2 was my favorite if i remember correct .
i do n ' t do well with a lot of sugar makes me feel weird .
sweet i ' ll have to try that . what makes it different ? i know i ' ve had turkish coffee where the grinds sit on the bottom .
because they want to get fucking even ? the lasers are being pointed at the america players . i get you think they are stupid but come the fuck on .
but then these girls would argue that they should be allowed to come to school topless .
it ' s more about doing it with my friends than random guys . but let ' s say we meet at a bar and you are a really cool dude and she finds you attractive then it could happen
corruption in disguise .
i think it ' s become accepted that if you make the environment more pleasant , people tend to engage in less anti social behaviour . a broken windows type theory .
what gives you the right to judge him , you do n ' t know his personal experiences , not everyone leads a sheltered suburban white picket fence life .
has it really been that long ? dang .
the respective offices will check that you have insurance they ' ll take before they make your appointment in my experience , it ' s about the first thing they ask .
when you drive by this thing you feel like there ' s gunk in your eyes because the air is glowing and it looks like a glare .
i ' ll post pics when i ' m off work .
i do n ' t disagree , but what better way can you sneeze , especially if it just sneaks up on you ? sneeze into my elbow ?
jamie oliver has some really nice chili recipes . you should check them out .
yeah , i would have to take the trash out every time or it would be disgusting to me . then that is wasting a trash bag every time i take a crap . i was mostly just being silly anyway .
mine , open c :
god damn it barb !
reading the books first then watching the series made the tv show more enjoyable , i found .
you wait until late march or so and you ' ll have some rivers and lakes due to melting snow though
then your union is doing it wrong . a true union destroys a corporation ' s power to abuse the workers .
im at the point where all i want from the news is a bullet list of events .
talks are progressing in a very promising way . a treaty on carbon quotas is on its a second draft and i feel it will make a real difference in the fight against climate change .
it is illegal in a federal level . see title 18 part 1 chapter 7 sec 116 of the united states code .
ketchup is overly processed tomatoes . a chicago dog has fresh tomato slices on it . its like the difference between raw fish and a frozen fish stick when making sushi .
do they offer everything they said they were like the ability to play ps1 and 2 games ? i do n ' t have s ps4 but was thinking about getting one .
you ' re suppose to put it in its special little cup , usually in the center column thing , but yeah you should try it .
fuck . i ca n ' t think of a lot of worse ways to go then being shipped across an ocean against my will just to work in the equator sunlight until i die of sunburn .
god , even i got nightmares from that shit .
i ' ll be in denver , or just outside . i have to warn you , i am bring allies . they will pay their share of the rent and shed their share of blood in our battle .
stop sticking pennies in the outlet ! you ' ll hurt yourself .
good man !
i ' m jealous - i ' m renting an older house with really outdated bathroom fixtures - my shower is tiny !
and here i am thinking the navy has the stupider safety rules .
they are car tire valves that i push into the gaskets and secure with a nut .
bloat , or gas . does n ' t matter if it ' s solid , there ' s no way it ' s her uterus at 5 - 6 weeks . not even if she ' s had a kid before .
i have a bridge scar and i never wore glasses . if you ' re really worried about scarring i ' d suggest not getting a bridge . but i ' ve had scars with every piercing except maybe nostrils .
woah woah woah , what kind of heresy is this ? lemons in gin and tonic ? limes man , always limes .
this is the correct answer . part marks for hero .
really how many other people have post this . i thought i was being original
i ' m doing my best on reddit , anyone done research on how many times you can post the same message before being shadow - banned ?
probably the funniest thing i ' ve read in a while . he really is a useless cunt .
awesome ! thanks ! shoot me a pm sometime .
nice ! would love to see the finished project . i made something similar with bottle caps and resin .
do n ' t watch black mirror .
i dunno , it ' s a preference in regards to sex . that sounds a lot like a sexual preference . edit : if it ' s not a sexual preference , what ' s an example of something that is ?
sure , but why not just mill extra fine ?
there was no proof someone did it 1000 years ago ; it ' s just a story .
do n ' t worry , i get the frustration anyway : d . pretty annoying at times and logging in with 8 friend invites and accidentally accepting one can be annoying .
if that makes you feel better about yourself , then ok .
i see you have little experience with 11 year olds . how about you go and fuck yourself ? how about that you piece of trash ?
most of the time i ca n ' t tell . it some ways it looks like a girl , in other it ' s a boy . but let ' s not argue , shall we ?
are you a lawyer ?
only 1 more than wrath of the lich king . do you have a 5 syllable maximum ?
much easier trip , but will living there be any easier than living on mars , and can a lunar colony be completely self - sufficient ?
i ' ve never been complimented on my feet before !
because the game is n ' t even out yet
a bmi of 16 is pretty significant if you consider you have no muscle .
resident , not citizen .
in my opinion , sanders would be willing to listen to the other side once he ' s more able . he seems entirely reasonable .
is the bass knob set pretty high on your amp too ? also , what kind of amp ? i ' ve noticed this happening with older amps when there ' s a lot of other electronics around .
omg i know , right ? i mean come on , show some professionalism .
i ' m not saying all the cameras have to be super zoomed out but if the front and rear bumper of a car can barely fit inside of the frame , you need to zoom out .
when did you or i say intentionally ? his head was n ' t in the game after that .
i ' d like to try and learn how to dance and freestyle , i ' m quite new to longboarding .
i do n ' t know how to feel about it , since i opened the shortcut i joined the everlasting dragon although i am not a pvp person . its kind of neat .
every team has glass bangers . so i guess we should give the cup to the refs ?
oh man . what was the fall - out from that ?
damn , totally forgot about that . my bad xd
yeah i remember that ! i really wish i got to talk to him . i always miss shit like that sadly .
only problem is that the bike in question is an hour or two away , and that ' s a lot to ask a stranger .
ok ! i ' ll certainly think about dean ambrose when i feel nervous !
she might consider the anaheim station instead . it ' s much nicer and the parking is free there right now . plus , one less stop .
worse is when you run into that one face hunter who plays hunter ' s mark
do i have a lot physics degree ? no . do you ? doubt it . did gravity move ? no . did the tower struts shift so the direction of gravity was horizontal on the struts instead of vertical ? yes .
that would ' ve taken effort . and movement . wayyy easier to just shoot a fleeing suspect and casually walk up and plant the evidence .
whoa . you may be addicted to swiss cheese when .
best combo bro , i was doing the peanut so hard that night .
hopefully he wo n ' t be right about anything with red storm rising .
you jump into the shower with a messy butt and wash it off there ?
theres a difference between taking risk and being a complete idiot .
yeah , i like pears a lot . i try to limit my sugar and caloric intake , so an unappealing snack like an apple would be better i think . i ' d just binge on pears !
a man walks down the street in that hat , people know he ' s not afraid of anything !
my mustache captures food and drink . my beard does no such cruel thing .
are you suggesting that thailand is somehow a third world country ?
yeah i totally see the racism . white on white hate .
la had 2 chances to have teams and ended up not showing up to the games enough to keep them around .
really ? so you mean i can have my favourite pet as my active and not be worried ?
that is true but he is a male ' s vocals
looks like reddit removed your post , that sucks . how do you feel about the new chocolate they are using for cadbury eggs ?
you have n ' t lived until you ' ve blindly felt carp for art .
oh thank god , i thought it was a bedroom
you still use a hardware graphic eq ? cool .
but how else are we supposed to claim we are superior for reading a book ?
super bowls are n ' t king , or at least should n ' t be .
true but it really pisses me off . it ' s not a game for fun anymore . it ' s a ea kind of game now .
me too . i know your pain . i had a mullet and epic sideburns from 3 - 7 , a bowl cut , then random home - cuts until i was old enough to get a job and pay for a professional one .
there ' s no reason to kill him . lock him up for life . we ' re supposed to be the better part of society , remember ? the moral high ground .
okay bell is rung again .
where can i read more about this ? love is god ?
you would be breathing the water other mermaids poop and pee in .
maybe that ' s a bit of a social difference between we canucks and our southern neighbors .
yeah it ' s always on the first drive of the day . it might be more than that many times but it ' s always when i start my car up and then come to a stop
uncheck that little box when installing the drivers . gotta pay attention man , i caught it and unchecked the box .
i never really understood the idea of not having a hard tailed bike , but still adding a springer seat .
kid ' s played 51 games damn . give him a chance .
please do n ' t judge oklahoma based on ou . i ' ve lived here my whole life and the overwhelming majority of people i ' ve met and known have been open - minded , reasonable people .
teenagers who think they are cool . there ' s a reason why i even wear the seatbelt even at the airport .
: d hiya !
you apparently have n ' t ever had to use my fingers .
how can everything be real if our eyes are n ' t real ? - jaden smith
yeah funny you should mention that , because general consensus is that it was kali that tore his bicep .
sorry how were the modders getting shafted ? they can still release free stuff just the same right ? ninja : i ' m not down voting you , people please stop it . use the down votes correctly
being a huge fan of daredevil , i feel that the character deserves to be as popular as the big guys like iron man or the hulk .
that dog was definitely my favorite part of that account .
that sounds like a plan . did you watch all of the anime already ? are you going to wait for the progressive to finish as well before reading that ?
your boyfriend is totally trying to fuck those female friends . you need a real man like me baby . also nice tits
nah you pull the leg up so that ' s over your dick then flop it out and piss .
awesomeness . if they can cover child birth , they can cover this .
yeah , both runs i did have dark matter , but nonetheless they should fix it .
i was replying to a comment about returning the temple to the temple mount . there is currently a mosque where that would go .
because he ' s a dealer and you go somewhere private to buy weed .
i ' ve been waiting 2 hours , so i might be in the clear .
emma would cut house down to size .
funny thing is , his brother is a drug dealer
in a conventional war probably . but apparently not in our most current conflicts .
because he ' s only really a villain in the first film . he does double - cross a lot in the later films , but he ' s never really a villain . he , at least , always helps the heroes .
exactly , america being hypocrites as usual to save face in the eyes of the global community
yeah , i think with how he played it sends a bad message to the team and the rest of the league .
yeah but the pumpkin cookies are also super useful . it ' s a matter of need for hunger restoration vs sanity restoration rather than efficiency .
that ' s kinda the only thing about this article . good on you for finding it though .
because then you would n ' t be able to do all of that . you ' d be low on health , stamina , and sharpness , poisoned , and cold .
oh i get you now . go for it bruh . i read so many stories of teachers busting their ass for some young meat .
how ? they have a ton of shit , like almost the entirety of book 5 and parts of book 4 , to get through before they surpass the books
they still would n ' t be able to identify bullets shot with it , though . and replacing the barrel and extractor would make it impossible
not that i ' m aware of , but looking around the animal kingdom i ' d highly doubt it
i was thinking something more along the lines of explosive diarrhea when he wakes up in the morning , but death by pizza works as well .
but on the flip side this issue is about cheating , not off the field issues .
i love how positive everyone here is ! you ' re all so awesome !
how very considerate of the boat . water related death , anything from drowning to being eaten by the loch ness monster , is one of my biggest fears .
did you even look at the post ? lol
exactly . this penalty will not be removed until some kind of reform are passed .
the area of our city with skyscrapers is a ghost town come 6pm every day . it ' s the other areas that are really fun .
the pinky is my favorite part of the state . suddenly i ' m craving cherries .
it depends on the person . i have a friend who was in the bathroom every hour and could barely work because her ' s were so bad . birth control helped a lot .
once i hop on my pc . i will , sick as fuck atm .
stolen duct tape at that ! i ' m not sure why he felt the need to tell me it was stolen . probably because he was high as a kite at 8 : 30 on a sunday morning in the middle of nowhere kansas .
not sure about first day update but full format of a system would have you do the day one setup .
this . i wear ruby woo and other shades from the retro matte line and they play much more nicely when applied with a lip brush .
i think most australian ' s are going to point you out as being wrong as fuck .
i think your teacher would give you poor marx for that one .
what do you do ? do you work in media ?
please make sure you keep your hands and arms inside the boat as we pull in . we do n ' t want you scratching up our lovely dock .
i see so many of the kill bill pops near where i work . and they are always there for some reason .
mine had problems with employees , they are n ' t supposed to let employees get them until customers have a chance .
i ' m definitely a redhead . it helps having such pale skin to where it almost looks natural .
can we please rename the english card to cruel sous chef ? i do n ' t even care that those words mean something different in french .
working as intended .
how did you teach him to just dig there ?
there ' s downvotes to pretty much every post , but complaining about it certainly does n ' t add anything .
nah , waffles will be a walk on and make a team , you watch .
universal mandatory government managed single payer system : that ' s the way to go .
uhhh , real rape stories also get attention , i ' m not sure what you are talking about .
nice what album ?
thank you , now that sentence finally makes sense !
seconded , every time people sing that song it pisses me off and it ' s so cheesy .
not a legend like diamond but s3 worlds he played great . not as big as others on the team but he did his job .
trolls are absolutely great , it ' s just that you ' re almost inevitably gonna turn a little more pink mohawk when you have ' em in your group .
just because they ' re stealing their homes , have killed 500 of their children and another 1600 civilians ? monsters !
maybe . i recently realized a lot of my friends were shitty people . that and the fact i leave for basic training soon , i dont have a lot to do anymore .
not all places are bad , but there ' s a lack of accountability and integrity at a lot of places .
eh go drink your soda .
like how a banana is reminiscent of a lethal gun . pew pew !
you realize that they can drive up to you without any problems and then jump out and kill you ? 30 ammo isnt quite enough to destroy a vehicle .
okay good . i ' m glad i ' m not crazy . it makes me super concerned about gaining too much weight , but i cannot deal with this nausea .
thanks . it just looks like something to not miss out on .
haha yeah i remember you telling me that , this is pretty cool though . disney has released a lot of good shorts other than fever . i think it might be something i ' ll buy as well .
yeah , i ' ll have to start using those . i never liked them because they leave the smoke trail , but i guess i have no choice if i want to get around detect pots . thanks .
the photo i posted was after polishing , or do you mean the larger version i intend to print ?
the most useful courses i took before analysis were discrete math and intro to logic , the philosophy course . less on the discrete , far more on the logic .
i ' m not allergic , but in removing a hive from someone ' s shed , was stung over 30 times . i ended up having a mild reaction that felt like a bad asthma attack .
he ' d have to lose a limb to fall to 31 .
yeah i do n ' t like the smell of eggs either , but sometimes if i ' m in the right mood and have an empty stomach i ' ll actually want some eggs .
just because he got stronger doesnt mean he surpassed superman .
i agree . but it seems to be a lot less than many subs of a similar size .
i noticed it was on the photo captions only . it ' s a theme , huh ? maybe that explains why you see it too often .
i immediately thought of a gundam . if i had completely disposable income , i ' d want a gundam car also .
yeah but the game needs a shake up , a wake up .
i mean a - uh tax on not wearing puffy pants .
he would have gotten so many cheers . that would have been great . lesnar ' s reaction was mixed , with mainly cheers .
the crowd reaction is also a big factor , if you see a half the stadium stand up you know something is happening .
opportunity cost . why waste time on something that ' s not valuable to you just to get the approval of internet strangers ?
you always repeat the same stuff . makes you feel secure , right ? you must be quite a bore in person .
no problem , i feel you on the facial hair , might get better might not . i ca n ' t grow facial hair on my cheeks because i have a tiny bit of asian genes .
oh i do n ' t know about that . have you seen her live ?
i would imagine that capacity is restricted to stuff from the windows store , which i doubt any of us on this subreddit really care about .
this game needs a free tibet ! great with mountains and we ' ll see how china handles them this time !
let ' s hope he listened to no goggles
i found a flyer for a conference in 1996 therefore there could not have been one in 1998 .
actually interesting point , if the price of failure is much higher it will drive them more likely to it .
i ' m chinese . dog meat is delicious . i would n ' t eat your pet .
i think your setting yourself up to have a bad date if you try and guilt her into coming . better off to not care too much when you have n ' t even done anything with her yet .
yes ! in that case i ' d probably leave all of the ingredients raw for a brighter flavor .
i read the second part first , and was disappointed that the first part was n ' t about your pet chicken .
that was my thought . i was expecting a no cups joke but this cut deep .
you mean the one where i stumble down the field like i ' m lost ?
they wanted to wield the minigun , not drive . there are allot of those asses in battlefield .
yeah i know that you are right but i ca n ' t bring myself to do it over skype : s thanks for taking the time to answer btw
well , the dividends to shareholder transactions would not be recorded on the blockchain , only the transfer of ownership of stock .
i think wordpress should insert a notification to inform them they are using 10 year old software . that will create enough support issues for hosting companies that it will get sorted out .
have you spit it out all over the guy if it tasted gross ? basically how do you respond if the sperm tastes bad ?
so it ' s wrong to save money ?
sixteen bottles of beer on the wall , sixteen bottles of beer , take one down , pass it around , fifteen bottles of beer on the wall .
yep , but only in reference to the coin itself .
dirt is a lot of work when you are surrounded by snow and frozen ground .
well my cake day has passed and i didnt even know d :
egg chasing i agree , but what ' s wrong with tennis fans ?
whoops , deleted my comment because i misinterpreted . i thought each album you listed was a band . bout to listen to them now
life is does not all fit in your 17 syllable box man .
i do that shit so much . gotta get rid of that rag he just dropped ! alright , rag is dead . oh wait . . . i had lethal .
just testing the wind . next time i ' ll call the opposite of what i want .
i was just coming back to add ost , thinking about the ff7 ost . good catch .
i lost it when he said he could n ' t control the camera with the stylus .
yeah , i stabbed a man in the heart .
we would be happy to exchange embassies .
true . they ' re in the game then . playstation has legends . ultimate team for playstation does n ' t .
or rubber vaginas .
i find portraying mod ash as god rather offensive as well . i mean , how can you compare our infallible divine leader , lord mod ash to such a barbaric and ruthless creature such as yahweh ?
this objection is to the fact that there is some sort of criteria that gets one into heaven with an arbitrary cutoff that sends someone just below the line to hell .
apology accepted , but only if you ' re immortal . i have signed four hundred and eleven petitions to rename the movie all dogs live forever and are very good boys yes they are .
says right in the article that he lied under oath .
i could be nice to you all night and give you great service while still wishing that you and your brats all die horribly . those two things are not related .
be aggressive so we can watch !
it was a lot of fun to watch and martinez has shown up so far this year .
i dunno , a nurse told me about it and its worked . maybe its just a painkiller , so it gets rid of the pain , even on topical application to the throat skin .
well , you ' re well on your way . keep up the good work !
she got out of that shitty town ! i ' d be on top of the world .
wait . sooo how does it work ? how did you make it ? most of the holos that strong stain , even the big makers ! yolo .
well , i ' m at level 61 and afaik requiem requires a new game , and i dont want to start a new game .
lmfao sorry but if you think aiming a pounce at a static location is hard , it really just invalidates anything you have to say about slark .
i post them to be sure people will see them .
the enemies have to be in the rift . unless you want a a long long long time of the mobs running into the rift , nah .
yeah , we would n ' t want you either .
: d yeah i kinda read the part about non as poke : d and the egg hatched shiny : d thank you
cool , wanna trade in my town or yours ? c :
no problem , my first couple comments were like that as well . it happens when you start a line of text with four spaces .
when i sing , at one point or another , there will be resonance in my chest .
this is exactly what i listen to when i write , works like a charm .
yeah thats very true !
it ' s still coop
i agree the market needs to be shaken up but you may find the new boss surprisingly like the old boss if uber gets their way .
and here we are talking about dragon dicks .
my technique is to be familiar with all the terms , read through the chapter a couple of times , then take a nap . when i wake up , i remember pretty much everything . works every time .
you ca n ' t always tell a man ' s singing voice from a woman ' s .
well , i have to admit that i was very surprised this page !
how long do you think alpha should take , realistically ?
that sounds cool , you should do full rainbow though , and tank top ? post link please if the design is on a website
yeah , but he said it was perfectly safe to drink then pretty much took off when asked to drink some .
i ' m glad you liked it . i hope you might be able to salvage some of the auras you like and change them for balance .
there ' s three , but you still have a point .
i mean , if a public servant is saving lives , i feel it ' s not a cult - like idea that they deserve respect and recognition .
as opposed to trying to hold onto it in the same style as the previous years until it collapses 70 years later ? yes .
ia that weird ? it ' s a hot , humid country . of course they will shower more .
he was split like a banana not cut like an orange .
i saw they made a lined trucker jacket . i might just have a button down shirt or a light sweater . depends on how rough they feel
i ' m not on my computer and ca n ' t find the option in relay for reddit , but you would have had a gold . here ' s a sticker instead and a gift card for crippling diarrhea from denny ' s .
ok , i have to invite people , pm me your email and name you want to use for the league
yeah that ' s a what i thought . that ' s a good idea . thanks !
the only city i know of in the u . s . where you hail a cab is new york . i live in los angeles where you have to call or get in line at a hotel or airport stand .
what is degrading about it ? they are a symbol of high status in many countries . and even if they were not - they are excellent quality - why pay more for inferior quality ?
action not , not caption . he makes jokes .
the same way they can move their lungs .
yes , but you have to take off your socks .
it ' s a space sim ! you should n ' t be playing with a kb - m anyways ! look at your player character , he ' s flying the ship with a hotas .
that ' s one polite way of saying she looks pissed as fuck there
he ' s by far the most thoughtful and insightful person at ap . he focuses on little things and what they mean for the larger design concept . i hope google at least reads his stuff .
it may be a safe bet , as you ' ve already adjusted the neck quite a bit . another option is to make the groove on the neck deeper , but that should probably be avoided .
i dunno , hannah ' s kinda hot . and she has a talking horse ! it ' s a win - win .
yes , they will be adding that in future expansion packs or updates .
to the 15 year olds on here , yeah
i ' m curious about the same thing . i ' m not sure what buying green engrams from the cryptarch does for me . can anyone else shed some light on this ?
well you should n ' t use your scrotum to warm the milk .
i ' ve played it at my friends . it ' s terrible in my opinion ! glitch - galore , that ' s all it was .
yeah . it ' s a good anime . take my word for it .
just talk with normal people ' s words so i know what you ' re saying
you ' re right . it is . a lot of factors led to the holocaust . one of them was pre - existing anti - semitism .
these will cover almost every banger , i size them for the typical import bangers . i ' m in the shop atm but they are atleast quarter sized
he will leave office when he dies , which feels like never .
sounds good ! be sure to follow the stream and twitter for when i go live . join the crusade
thank you , kind person with an actual halo around their head ! thank you for listening and offering to listen more .
i assume the op is referring to the massachusetts health exchange that the aca is sort of based on . there is no republican proposal to my knowledge of a national system .
i ' m sorry , i understand . but i post everything from the game so everyone can see what happened . i wo n ' t force you to click the links .
did anyone even read the tweet ?
black banshee maybe ?
until 1 . 10 comes out and vassals can rebel against you where marches are a lot less likely
sounds a bit more green than blue to me . or perhaps a bit of both like experiment one .
it ' s so frustrating . i ca n ' t understand why they would remove options from the game we bought . thank you for your reply though .
that ' s great news , thank you so much !
or all osbuddy users , because it ' s in the herb section .
i agree , i see no evidence of hvac in any of those pictures !
it ' s a circle jerk sub . discussion does happen but at this point the jerk is too broken and it ' d be better of in pm .
they are finally clearing up their country , something that has never been done since 1991 when ussr collapsed
it ' s still shitty music in my mind , and quite a few people agree .
yea one night over a year ago we were watching porn online together before sexy time and we came across one and the idea stuck in my head .
if they guy was talking to the black students about problems faced by black people i could see only taking the black students . i did n ' t get the impression that that is what was going on .
to remind you of what you ' ve lost when you get home
why ? this is the same guy who sold out and produced shit just so that he could make billions . did he have a sudden change of heart ?
using the recollection hex and then immediately using whisper of despair will increase the likelihood of landing the hit .
really ? thank you for letting me know i ' m not alone . i ' d love to hear what happened to you and how you dealt with it .
it ' s really not that hard , just use both hands .
that ca n ' t be the only reasoning behind it . could n ' t they just not suck in bed . does n ' t it make more sense to just be nice and try in bed so they do n ' t cheat ?
the real answer is impact , but both quas and impact have had their own troubles . top is just weak in na .
saw your other post , so i edit to agree with what you posted
yeah , it ' s pretty common , i ' ve heard great things about their scotch ale from friends that are bc natives .
dear boy , if all of your relationships have turned out to be awful , perhaps it ' s time to consider the common factor in them .
fruit flies outlive cockroaches when it comes to radiation , by a decent margin . though they ' d both survive what you kill us .
i gave them retail value . they lost my whole shipment i did n ' t put in my time and money to sell to amazon at cost .
would you suggest regular spray paint and clear coat in a spray bottle ?
that ' s true . actually , that makes a lot more sense now .
it is for sure man . solar is getting cheap very fast . it ' s basically at parity with coal depending on subsidies . soon it will be cheaper than coal even without subsidies .
so you ' d rather have less money , than live under big bad westminster . you ' re deluded
arnold disagrees , mind you .
that ' s not strictly true , well not historically . a lot of them returned once the baltic states left the ussr - the demographic change is striking .
i saw furious 7 recently and i ' m taking that one dudes advice . trying blue moon tonight . so far , loving it .
you do n ' t have to live sober , just do other less harmful drugs instead like weed .
i know man i ' m from houston , i just live in australia . and this is a big one from what i can see . bigger than normal .
yeah that ' s a cool idea , have their own unique style to them . and yeah it ' s hard work , but if it pays off it will be so much fun !
most vaccines are already offered at or below cost . it has no effect , how do you expect facts and sanity to effect madness ?
one of the oil pans for the triumph engine it was based off of might bolt up .
that would be a shrine .
another scenario where op ' s post is applicable .
they are poorly evolved to a vegetarian diet . most of their time is spent munching bamboo .
yeah as long as he is n ' t in the game the last 2 - 3 minutes he is a great energy boost . miami began to depend on him out of necessity too much and he ca n ' t delivery those types of demands .
i used to work with phantom high speed cameras . high speed imagery makes me drool .
i would n ' t actually have big problem with michelle obama . boy george is n ' t a u . s . citizen .
that would be so op . its pretty hard hitting a running crouching person .
yeah , i feel like physical bets restricts me from putting impulse bets and it ' s just more fun getting a ticket . any tips on today ' s games ?
i wonder what would be going through that kids mind when he see ' s a grown man instead of a girl near his age ?
i rather imagine whedon ' s hand will still spice the pot . his forte is punching up other ppl ' s scripts . i especially like his approach to dialogue .
i have an account and the only reference i could find was to a coming feature . be grateful if you have the details though .
did you see how quickly they dragged their third world nation out of the gutter ? the chinese leaders are doing a fantastic job and you ca n ' t deny that .
i ' m only marginally surprised that steve was in the bible .
not for everyone . ive registered my console on xbox . com and my warranty expired one year to the day i purchased it . there are many people that are in the same situation as well .
it ' s super important that he sound like himself . he will hurt his voice trying to sound like anyone or anything else .
same on another bike , but the 7s that came on my 2012 were never right
me too , many states have laws that you can get tickets for blocking intersections like that but people are oblivious .
the giveaway is pic 2 , middle board , right : the short dark lines running with the grain .
i always assumed people do n ' t get paid per view if the video was n ' t long enough , only because i saw so many people do it on short clips . honestly im just a guessing
and ? my links specified reasons the pentagon kept it secret . does n ' t change the fact we knew they had chemical weapons and lo and behold they did .
oh man , i really fucking love it with the shaker toned down , lets the guitar come more to the forefront . this will be put on my acoustic playlist for sure . keep it up !
i honestly miss the war on everything . was such a top show .
yea , that was mentioned in a different post .
oh yeah that ' s always fun . also the down slide is annoying . i ' m trying to finish off a guy but he slides 5 feet to the side . what the hell mane
i meant in regards to the protests being ineffective and harassed , not with regard to the specific case .
true that . i think even a million might be pushing it , as i bet half those accounts are not being used .
i thought that too . depending on the size of the scooter and the car , it could damage the car .
interesting what percent of users are addicted ?
my friend that was a butcher at a grocery store during college told me the stuff that has more fat is essentially steak scraps in a blender . the stuff in a tube is garbage meat .
a long island iced z - pack .
healthy food is more expensive than shitty food . this is shitty food , not healthy food . if you want decent food , you have to pay for it , either directly , or through school tax . go figure !
if it makes you feel any better i also thought it was a dirtier butthole than most real life buttholes , and i ' ve seen some dirty buttholes .
do you have an empty mag in ?
ok more seriously , he did not lose his finger . he might even play tonight
it worked for me right when i installed it . odd . must be a conflicting tweak .
yeah , he ' s about 20 lbs undersized at ilb . if anything , he ' ll slot in at ss and play in the box as an enforcer .
the only thing i can think of are bullets . in unchained the us military took him down by firing bullets that fire out red sun radiation a second before impact .
on the plus side , they ' ll make a great challenge in football manager .
they ' re not doing too hot . last time i checked isis was doing their thing
ha . i ' d dig that . honestly , stick some well - placed weights inside the 6 and i ' d be happy . got the 6 on launch day , and i ' m already waiting for the 7 with the new body .
yes . you need to watch bill o ' reilly more .
what is dead may never die .
he ' s a mod , but he has no permissions . so all he can really do is add green text to his name . like this , all official and stuff .
that ' s because chicks do n ' t poop .
no i guess not ? but i mean like the stuff i have currently is n ' t super sticky or anything . how long do you let it dry exactly ?
surely , if they can grow them in space on the space station , then they can grow them on earth in the space station .
you head down to the surface of your golden planet and admire the architecture .
the steel axe will be much better . it does n ' t matter how good the artifact is , it ' s still made of bone
yeah , i got so giddy when i saw a gear vr in the background of a samsung add it was kinda embarrassing . it is so exciting to see them showing up on tv .
some people enjoy hunting for deals , some people like replying to themselves on reddit . not sure where you are getting the job angle from . even doctors have to work nights .
i think you missed the point . imagine that you actually cared about the performance of the entire team and wanted the group to work better .
no . people win the medal of honor , it ' s always been that way . it ' s an insult to change something like that just because you feel like it .
yeah , those are hit marks and not something you get from sliding it on the ground .
man he ' s got it all he just needs to improve that .
i ' ll still lurk here and on outer heaven
he expected exactly what happened . he expected him to try and leave , hence why he positioned himself in front of the car when he gets in . douche should n ' t have tried to leave .
you ' re ignoring their win against tsm and their close game against vp because they had bad communication ?
is he just not good or what ? sorry for the questions , i just have never seen the pacers play this season .
well , it would explain why it took so long to make the decision .
if i lived in a country where my kid was forced to learn religion at public school i would not rest till that law was changed and i would resort to violence rather quickly .
the photographer took the pic . the camera in the pic could be just an unmanned camera .
that library has to be one of the best hidden gems in the city .
samoa has an obesity problem and a number of islands served by light aircraft . i suspect it is also a safety issue for them , given weight distribution can cause major issues in flight .
peach flavor sounds awesome , definitely going to try that .
haha i did n ' t realize until now ! oh well , maybe next year
you can , but you usually end up with a jag .
you gotta pay em or they ' ll turn your shit off !
happy birthday , now get your ass to pandora .
it looked cooler at night . my other post has daytime pics before i added to it .
pepperoni and other meat , are toppings that you cannot beat , mix that with hot sauce and cheese , then that pizza will be the bee ' s knees .
it ' s not the basis for the formation but without the external pressure it would never have come to fruition . it would never have taken root .
but the woman hung up as well .
you can also play with her when she ' s on top or you ' re behind her . some girls are n ' t into it though .
why give them an easy way out ? let them spend a few decades in jail thinking about what they did
machine learning .
not everyone has a sense of humor so it ' s normal , do n ' t fret .
ca n ' t agree strongly enough !
again with nothing to add here except the dumbest play on words , and god knows we see a lot of the bullshit on reddit .
nope thats all i did . not sure why it would n ' t post auto
that ' s a great plan . start by making an arduino kit that people can buy and learn together maybe .
it just finished downloading and it says version 01 . 11 - it ' s a call of duty update .
i love frankie equally , but damn that was severe
i really hate when people say they made too much money . clearly they have no idea how taxes work .
just checked , the welder didnt have the required stuff . that was kind of dumb . but the grinder didnt work on anything , neither mining carriage nor respawn ship .
my god , that must be beautiful . i put a pot on to boil and sit down for an episode of seinfeld before its rolling
have fun man ! i ' ve been busy with a school project that i just finished today
he blew the audience away !
i think you underestimate building costs .
i like brie more than nikki too , i like a well defined natural body more than fake breast .
some really nice laminate flooring out there for a good price and it stands up pretty well . they ' ve been working on this stuff a long time , it ' s no joke .
distant worlds is real time and you can take as much or as little control over things as you want .
i would pay to watch either . maybe it ' s just a full day of boring classes talking . but i stand by it .
oh it certainly will . and of course , in true bollywood form , the ending will be revealed in an outrageous dance number ! get hype !
yep , because the marijuana tax stamp was priced so high most people could n ' t afford it .
i did a purple smokey eye with electric blue liner and my eyes popped ! thanks for the suggestion !
no , its a different rabbit , bragging a easter eggs basket with its mouth . the ward ' s base is surrounded by grass .
she does nothing for me . it ' s like listening to paint dry . no emotion from her . she ' s not bill walton bad , but she does n ' t bring anything desirable to the table .
lol emotionally blackmail ? i laughed harder at this comment then the story .
wait is op in the us ? i got on to this late seeing as i was at school and these are a lot of comments to skim can you give me a recap dear friend ?
that ' s true i never really see them bitch on here usually they ' re cracking jokes on their team
for girls the middle is all loose , meant to be like a tent for that fupa . sucks when you want to show off a flat tummy . guess i should just love in crop tops instead
i ' ve seen videos where the cyclist says they wear the camera to keep themselves honest as well as to record anything bad that happens to them . not common , but it ' s out there .
yeah , we had an ending like 100 times sadder .
she ' s busy . she ' d never take the job , she ' s too good for that .
it was on dev build now they cant be . people were just getting lucky
seriously . i laugh when kevin chokes up , but i lose it when he gets so angry at gabe
maybe the birthday thing where you can send an fb friend a picture of a cake or whatever on their birthday ?
np i ' m sitting at work so i have to do something . well , besides work that is .
the photo was taken just before dawn , when there is no one out . it ' s the only time of day you ' ll get a picture of the charles bridge without tourist crowds .
that ' s above my pay grade
there is special sod bred for high - traffic areas designed to grow on sand . source : laid sod for a living .
i was close .
i think every 9 - 12 year old child should read the giver in school .
while this is almost always true their are exceptions to this rule . fantasy life for example has the game save on be sd card regardless if it is a download or the cart .
they had the exact same roles . raps had a better record which was definitely a factor . boston still finished under . 500 in a weak conference .
didnt you hear ? we stole lake michigan .
i know it ' s crazy talk , but i waited until i had screen protectors before i used my n3ds and i do n ' t use keys as a stylus .
if you do it at your upkeep , you ' re essentially paying 3 mana to maybe get a free land instead of your draw . so unless you ' re drawing more cards that turn , it ' s not worth it .
if that number is correct , but that number covers all convictions , not murder convictions .
yeah , i guess it ' s a regional thing . we use dinner to mean lunch here . fixed it so people do n ' t get confused .
that was my go to move with robben . almost worked every time
this is exactly the kind of thing that i ' m talking about ! you ca n ' t just decide what another person ' s intent was , for fuck ' s sake .
you have a point , but it happens so rarely it ' s not worth not respecting the women who actually have been sexually assaulted .
i am a 26 year old male who up until a month ago lived alone i do n ' t own a single decorative pillow
dude you know that the head of the nsa uses the grail as a water cup and that the ark is now a coffee table .
or forearms . but yes , with her issues , knees are the way to go , at least starting out .
no , other than actually gong to a dentist , what can op do ?
of course you do . especially since it ' s not your face . or eye . or neck .
have good backups and nuke it from orbit , just to be safe . without the key . dat , it ' s done what it ' ll do ; nor thing more to really do than wipe and recover .
what does faster matter if people run scared when they lose shields ?
going through your gp or another doctor covered by your insurance is the best way . online and wellness clinics are usually expensive and not covered by insurance .
more like i like having the hd source on my hard drive so i can do stuff like make gifs , thanks for playing though .
you can be interested and passionate about religion without being religious yourself ?
agreed . looks like carbine .
awesome ! keep that attitude up , and i ' m sure they ' ll see you the same way .
well , could be because im just bored that i want to be more social . either way its a good thing , ofcourse . i ' ll post update on 20th day
i have n ' t seen him play but he ' s only like 10 pounds heavier than i am
you do n ' t keep your emergency survival flint in your dryer ?
i do n ' t think she liked the movie at all .
oooh , that ' s pretty close to me , might be my best option , thank you
well when i ordered mine uniqlo wasnt selling black . just white , red , grey , and navy . i was just pointing out how dark they are because online they are very noticeably blue
great , otherwise i will have to get a wired connection and i was trying to avoid that . thanks !
autopsy would reveal whether it breathed , at least in some cases .
says the lili main who ' s always got a healer in the team . : p
and russ had his game against the packers and the final throw of the super bowl . everyone has their up and downs in big and small games .
the only feather pillow we owned . and their bed .
this is what i would do if i were creating my own god . this god though , would not be a viable pick . it ' d be so difficult to play
about the same time black culture , or hispanic culture does the same , you fucking moron .
yep . several others have said the same . i guess i ' m more of a recluse than i realised . success baby fist pump .
i think he was having fun . he must be fully conscious of how egotistical he sounded , he was probably partially trolling .
trust that if the distributors feel anything from this , it will only end up costing users . the drug market is simply that , a market ; it ' s all about the bottom line .
no just easy jet . it ' s that moment when it lifts off and it totally should n ' t because it ' s a heavy plane but suddenly you ' re flying
oh god i did n ' t realize they were serious about censoring names with esports
many years of hard drug use .
when japan gets as socially liberal as the us . if you think the usa has a big stick up its arse , then japan has an even bigger stick up its arse .
yes . does n ' t change that when i came upon this world i was in japan .
yep ! we ' ll usually ask the person to demonstrate their technique and try to determine what the problem is from there .
it gets frustrating sometimes . i play to compete and they act as if i have an illegal engine at a race .
jimmy jacobs calls it end time .
i went out with a man utd fan a few years ago . in her defence , she actually knew what she was talking about . did n ' t stop her being a colossal cunt , mind .
smoke a cigarette while you ' re doing it . you need to look good while working on your car .
i ' m honestly thinking it ' ll be a summer release , considering how long it is , and they ' ll leave the holiday slot for star fox , another game with a 2015 release .
he ' s engaged actually . fairly recently too
i live in a city that is full of kids under 18 on friday nights . starting fights trying to get in bars . this law sounds great .
that ' s mean , i ' d cry even if i were sober !
my beginner bike was an 07 250 . it was pretty ugly but i loved it . i do miss it though !
so shall i use this definition when making a decision about party affiliation ?
hopefully rule the world . they do n ' t need to know my ability to kill stops at 700 million give or take .
also it said in the link that it takes ten thousand snails to make a gram so you better be willing to wait .
go to a state that allows smoking in bars . very simple .
seeing ads is one thing , seeing them at the frequency and length that youtube forces you to see them at is a separate issue .
honestly it ' s better in the west than the join us or we ' ll kill you and your family approach .
agreed ! some colonel e . h . taylor small batch and we ' re in business .
in that case , now you definitely need to buy a tele .
why could n ' t i have them for a dad . too bad i ca n ' t have one at all , because only douches are able to reproduce since all women everywhere only go for looks .
for purposes of utility , no . in that case , you ' d want a ups instead .
possibly there was magnesium burning in the fire as well . if a block of magnesium is on fire we use a dry chem extinguisher rather than water . however those are mainly in vw engines .
that ' s cool . i wish my team was still in , but they ' re not and it ' s hilarious watching the flames get their asses handed to them .
hopefully , the fact that this format is suggested for championship fights would keep out jordan lewis .
i ' d assume so , refund time frame is 2 weeks before the sale so unless it ' s the first sale , i do n ' t think he qualifies for a refund even if that were the case .
in my area the potato wedges always have batter . if they do n ' t they ' re called steak fries .
you said you would n ' t step in . you are only allied to keep everyone weak and no one stronger than the other .
actually i used to use them all the time but once i started carrying a towel never needed it . but i still keep it in my gym bag in case i forget the towel and need it .
any amateur fighter around her weight would be no contest . the amount of pandering fools surrounding this fighter is insane .
thanks ! it ' s been so long , i have no idea what my period is like anymore
do you get offended when anybody mentions anything tangentially related to diabetes ? it ' s like acting like a victim is how you pass time on the internet .
keep your greasy sausage fingers off my smartphone , frank .
source ? edit : i speak the dialect and ca n ' t confirm this phenomenon , hence why i asked for a reference to support the claim .
your logic relies on an assumption that capability of choice is necessary for the right to life . the mentally disabled and children also do not have a legal capability of choice .
but if it were n ' t for the twists and turns then the race the babies take part in to see who is born will just be one straight sprint .
no no . you just got to kill somebody and youre safe
they ' re really pushing that show , is the english version even that popular ?
i ' m comparing a building to a statue . both represent significant events in texan and american history .
wait , i ' m a witch ? does n ' t that mean i can just out a spell on myself and never have to sleep ?
it ' s called the potato express . they actually have them in the as seen on tv section at walmart . they kick ass and work best with baby reds or other small potatoes
fuck you , mtl bitch
but it wo n ' t turn green . what else are you supposed to do ?
why do you think it ' s okay to eat meat now ? your response is dodging my questions . we are decades away from non - earth colonization .
yes . but there seems to be a fair bit of evidence that he is correct .
so you think the majority of americans believe that not having a college degree is indicative of having undesirable traits ? is that what i ' m to garner from this comment ?
it is still against the law to sell weed without a license in any state .
eh fuck you .
yeah is there an easy way how i can find it out easily if there are complete duplicates , if i have list of decks of cards sorted in random order ?
speaking of which , forgive me if i ' m behind , but will ray be appearing in arrow beyond season 3 ? i hope so
not to mention your head hitting the ground . does n ' t matter what height you are , your head can still slam into the ground any time you go down .
so what does the law do in your mind ?
me too , though it was one poem in 4th grade .
a feather from the majestic turkey .
and playing what i want as loud as i want ! it ' s a fucking dream .
at this point , i just want a dude who can rebound and protect the rim .
yeah , the times are different . your update starts in 20 minutes
i was just thinking more along the lines of a cheaper and less elaborate solution might work just as well for the sit down experience .
ok cool , i just did n ' t want to feel like i was switching from sl too early .
i ' ve been working at dominoes for two months and am already sick of it .
ah nice thanks , i misunderstood
hey ! i am in school for that right now ! and you have the job i want to have . i am mega jealous .
except my job right now is to design automated industrial quality control solutions . when we have automated systems designing automated systems , we ' re done .
i am a girl .
louder , probably . but we can both agree french horns suck , right ?
my team has a bad habit of standing still next to their man and not moving so i run up the field best i can when we are down by a lot instead of just chucking it down there .
what if you only remembered it as a dream ? but i think its a dream . because aliens clear your memory before sending you back .
thanks ! i applied this gradient over a single coat of a sally hansen white i had lying around .
extend your dominant arm out with the frisbee in hand , that ' s about where you want to let go . i was n ' t great starting out either , i threw slightly to the right and had to angle my throws .
this . if it ' s not hot enough or even if it is . just dab it on little by little so it boils it all off at its own pace . do n ' t just put the whole dab in there at once .
the price keeps going up , but you can always use a single forever stamp to mail a window .
ha . tell that to the cap assholes that nearly run me down every week .
i used to wear the same clothes 24 hours till last year . then a female friend told me to try lounge pants and tracks , and now i wear pjs all day except to work . she has corrupted me .
agreed . more voice lines would be great . tf2 does an incredible job bringing the characters and matches to life .
i still have n ' t written anything in my 5 years of attempting to write a novel . i ' m still trying to come up with a title first .
he ' s trying to move up the rankings by taking on the best fighter that is n ' t already committed to another fight , like any hungry fighter should .
there are any number of reasons you could hate the eagles , but knowing about allen klein he probably hated any successful band he was n ' t screwing through ridiculous royalties .
yeah nerve agent would break this soooooo bad .
same . i can sometimes see the milky way real clearly at night
ding ding . the tripod was up pretty high .
i would let her use her gay bulge on me - oh god hold on a sec
after changing the font and font size , looks better than ab . the swiping seals the deal for me . i could never go back .
care to elaborate ?
but now because of this lpt more people will go ccw and this is all just a plan for op to be going cw with less people .
personally i would want to have a more flashy power . but that ' s just me . i mean bending the elements is like avatar level shit right there .
you , of all fanbases , do not get to throw stones about tanking or draft luck .
i ' m pretty sure i ' d have to ride at least 50 miles out of the city to experience any elevation . possibly even a greater distance , i ' ve never checked .
i am changing from teaching high school . what are the qualifications for teaching at a community college ?
oh thanks for the clarification ! knew it was one of the days . just didnt see it on the sidebar on first pass so i gave it my best guess . i guess friday makes more sense than sunday .
and that ' s the brady bunch !
no randoms . there are n ' t random events in normal worlds , but the timer will stop you from attacking unless you ' re in a bank area .
i ' d take a pudge like catcher who can hit and frame .
no , eastern shore !
baked broccoli is amazing , and you can add pretty much anything you like to it as long as it goes in the oven , like grated cheese or nuts or cream .
good , she is so wild and will do it again and again she could ' t understand why i was hurting so bad after a night out .
i am so tired of my cat singing me the song of her people from on top of the refrigerator . maybe i should get a dog to put a stop to it .
i ' m going to eat a chicken omelette to show them i really mean business . nothing like eating momma wrapped in her babies .
that ' s gotta be a pretty cool call to receive .
definitely part of the old man game . kyle lowry has hope !
we ' ll take the airport and lake erie coastline , you can keep the rest .
yeah , auto pilot is great , until you run out of fuel , or need to land .
not always the case , the problem is , this is the prominent voice and view and very few try to come along and change that .
depends on the roach size and the particular chemical , it could kill them in a few minutes or hours , but sometimes it does take a few days . it ' s never quick though .
i really hope they will include the ost . i like this song , it ' s so happy : 3
yeah , the engraving is nice , but i would prefer the same color as the rest of the weapon , behind it .
i ' m from there . it is not great , but far from worst
shit . i ' m wearing the plaid flannel shirt but i do n ' t have a beard . does this mean i ' m not a real lesbian ? fuck .
i do n ' t think he would have had time to get set on the other side of it . still should have taken it though .
were they often inside your house , or did you just have bad luck encountering them outside ?
and was the lowest ranked team to win any ncaa title . it was an amazing run and gave the city something to celebrate
going to be hard to follow heath to be honest but i ' m willing to give him a shot . everyone freaked and said no way when heath was cast and he tore that shit up !
reduced it to 2 . 75 gb and that seems to have fixed it . have n ' t crashed all week .
well , and basically the entire islamic world outside iran , although there are sizable shi ' a minorities elsewhere .
why have you seen cowboy bebop multiple times if it has bored you ?
mostly medicines , but i think that stuff is hard to send by post , not sure .
webb was pretty bad his first several games back from injury in 2014 . he finished pretty well . he has n ' t been great since 2011 though . lots of injuries .
if i read the blog correctly exorbitant docking fees is what you wo n ' t be able to charge .
his wife and kids just left him , give the dude a break .
yeah , she played it all wrong . you need something to dip in guac . that ' s the idea behind guac .
so what you ' re saying is we should put drew and didi in the outfield ?
was n ' t his end game to be warden of the north though ? that never happens with the starks in power .
makes sense .
at crayon poop academy all colours are equal . from the browns all the way to the small yellow bits . i personally always preferred my crayon poops to be classic brown .
yes , everything i ' ve read says it will work just fine .
the movie sucked . the tv show was amazing .
have you never had sex ? the girl does n ' t tell you when to pull out , you pull out right before you ' re about to finish
on the up - side , you might be able to set up the shelves for your mental gymnastics training . high - hurdles , long jump , all important events if you ' re trying to keep the faith .
oh there ' s a glitch ? i was reporting people for speed hacking .
yeah . reasonably , you could start a church of the infinite pedal and say your god commands you to drive everywhere at 150 mph .
i want to punch those people in the back of the head .
i could be confusing it with the other 2 new shops who posted in the last week too .
and more potential , until he hit the ground .
i honestly did n ' t expect to encounter preferred pronouns in the south . on this side of the mason dixon line its very uncommon
how does that make him a puss . he ' s just staying in control of the game and the players .
i ' m just not seeing it i guess . he looks exactly the same in every single picture . i just do n ' t see the change , he looks the same .
good lord , i ' m so sorry . this season is more heartbreaking than last year you guys . if some possessions go your way , your thinking about the 7 spot instead of trailing no and okc .
lol sorry i over estimated annie . she ' s easier than a walk in the park . she ' s as easy as right clicking . actually , easier .
for some places it is . it was n ' t mandatory at my last place but is at my new place . we could n ' t even sign the lease without proof that we had it .
not well i imagine . doing it like you did , loudly and without caution in their home , was extremely disrespectful .
i ' m planning on getting a iud too but the pain scares me , is it as bad as people make it out to be ?
she was quite the little angle .
hehe , i was just being facetious . they ' ll pay her out of the stolen louisiana pension money !
it is , but being pc in europe is not as big a deal as it is elsewhere sometimes . there ' s a trend where highly diverse areas tend to be less pc than those which have less diversity .
because sex can only be had in the bed , under the sheets and never a 69
even in s3 eu was a force , we had 2 teams qualify from groups at worlds with fnatic reaching semis and gambit almost doing it as well with losing 1 - 2 in quarters .
he is greatly terrible , or terribly great
i try to use debit or cash at those places anyways - they generally do n ' t have great rates for cards like larger companies do .
just stand next to one and hold q . auto the other one .
nah , personally i think orange - ish red
hmm , ill do some research and see if it ' s possible . you may just have to do some mental math or if you inbox me i can send you your own copy so you can edit the times to your time zone
ever since you became executive producer i feel like i ' ve had way more motivation to play thanks , man .
what colors ?
or , you ' re just sent back into a lobby with no players in it . same thing except it ' s faster to load single player than an empty lobby
he has the body and athleticism to be an elite defender too , which is the scary thing . he just needs to keep playing and build up his decision making and he will be hell of a player for us .
more accurate to say a change in entropy would n ' t exist . if entropy does n ' t exist , then you just do n ' t have anything .
once i realized every single sip made me cringe , the trick was to find a beer bong to finish it in one big sip .
better , i think , to keep the king you already have so the game does n ' t take another , possibly more important , dwarf away from your control .
if the start rope technique does n ' t work the next step is an indian burn .
not necessarily . assuming we are talking about a . 22 pellet from an air rifle or similar , they lose velocity and power a lot faster than a bullet fired from a firearm .
is there a way to get checked for a genetic defect without having to die ? what is it ?
i opted for the high end ram and cpu for my work with the adobe suite , as that will be my primary use of the computer .
also , he would have provided a real fight , it kinda would be a fair deal .
no she played for yugoslavia .
i saw that film once about fifty years ago but did n ' t the blue chick inject him the guard with metal ?
star wars force unleashed sadly . i really dislike that story . but it was another apprentice .
we average just around 2 weeks turnaround time ! we are working really hard to get that time down though !
it was n ' t even my money , i spent it all . i feel guilt because it was my dad ' s money .
it ' s not my fault you were born in shit hole texas
i go there often and i like how they cut my hair . i did n ' t know there was any hype lol
their season is basically over , we are n ' t getting europe without a miracle and i ' m sure sam has n ' t been the best motivator for them to start playing well
brb . throwing away all my food and getting some asparagus seeds
i was thinking that the sun ' s atmosphere might push the earth away , actually .
no ndp signs in my town i ordered one on the day the election was called still has n ' t showed up
when you get back from summer camp , maybe we ' ll let you try a real drink .
interesting , thank you for your quick response !
i actually like the show , it ' s fun to watch and just turn your brain off .
- language : english - date : do n ' t really care , today is ok - nature : timid sending you the code now !
yes , and this is why we have health tourism . and this is what this policy will attempt to stop .
brick is such an underrated movie .
lots of people attend some type of college in their 40s .
no , it blew up . like boom .
sunday . and every sunday for the past four years . sometimes i contribute a share of the veggies i grow .
is n ' t there a fraction of a second that invisibility gets removed before the sf ulti does damage ? i always thought that was an sf ulti specific thing .
donuts are fucking delicious though . i ' m hoping at some point in my lifetime we can create food that is just as delicious as a donut but without the negative health effects
and even if he did , had the game to disrespect a couch , it ' s till a negative for the team .
i have never lied about the distance of drives i ' ve thrown , or the size of fish i ' ve caught . am i that weird ?
man this website has a lot of suburb hate .
as a combat engineer , i approve of this . just do n ' t make me carry it .
on my phone , when mobile data is off , i get an sms that i can download an mms . so when i get that , tasker turns md on for a minute , then turns it off again . works fine .
the front office has forcefully communicated their comfort with going into the luxury tax next season to keep draymond .
no , but the people in this thread who read the books and care about loras ' s character probably did
the pictures here look about as far away as you can get .
why is it , then , that people who advocate what you do never suggest extending these special rights you want to give men to women ?
that ' s a bit beside the point . the feds chose to send them to certain death when they had the option not to . that makes them pretty fucking terrible people in my estimation .
ok . mind if i bring henry in ? in my opinion , he will be a good part of the team .
yeah no shit man , that ' s my point
yes , a group you do n ' t like did n ' t get in trouble , so everyone you do like should get a free pass .
i meant boosting the entire channel eq . i did n ' t have separate eq for the monitors in that case . why would it be bad to boost only on the monitor side ?
judging from the name , i ' m assuming happy harry ' s is some sort of strip club .
just how reddit works . you roll with it , accept it . it ' s just happened to me a few times in the last few days and i was frustrated enough to post about it .
what team is looking for a starting goalie and what can we realistically get in return ?
i ' m not a big church goer , i ' m just saying a lot of those old laws make sense if you are trying to survive and prosper in a hostile environment .
its all good , so long as you just appreciate the food ! the food is the important part !
depends on your face , how you dress , and so on . there are tons of stylish glasses that simply wo n ' t suit you for other reasons .
i ca n ' t cut through it or break my arm
yeah , i was a bit harsh there and i apologize . everyone is very tense about wave 4 , so i can appreciate the post more than i did .
i ' ve had my phone mounted for about a year and no issues . but now i might start worrying . thanks ! haha .
ok dumb question : what ' s unemployment ? i mean how does that work ? they have to pay me money or something ?
tom is your mattress made out of golden feathers ?
you might save an elbow , but get the worse funny bone hit in the history of man
or at least mention which sites script needs enabled . i made it on the second try .
what about for gunners though ? they have a significantly reduced defense .
even the actual guy who committed the holocaust got girls .
i thought bitcoin was a safe bet . ; p
that too could work .
oh that would actually make a lot of sense . it would allow them to do their thing but not make it completely serious and allow them to still be separated .
all three times , there has been a mechanical problem with the plane . it ca n ' t be the airline ' s fault , it must just be awful coincidence .
okay i ' m wording this really shitty . i mean dystopian . study of just how shitty things in the future could be .
too late , we already had big eyes . it ' s a shit show for the next five years . next up : alice in wonderland sequel .
finally we ' ve found out what cultural marxism is : d
fingers crossed for el nino this year .
well it ' s a stupid fucking post
boycotting chic fil a is still a thing ? really ? well , people ' s loss for missing delicious chicken sandwich .
i ' m trying to learn to eat sunflower seeds for various reasons . a couple days ago i managed to pierce my tongue with a particularly stubborn shell and i ' m still recovering from the shock .
well if he ' s exactly like you than you should feel free to judge him !
it ' s definitely over - rated but if one wanted to become you know a doctor or something , a college education is necessary
are you there as a career ? i was in school to be a motorcycle mechanic , so i considered forearm tattoos . good thing i could n ' t afford it , because now i have an office job .
i ' ve never watched this show but damn that sounds metal as fuck
well we did . i believe it was st . reagan who shut down the systems to care for those people .
my brother had a pet raccoon for 5 years , can verify . he was all fun and games when things were going his way but watch out when they were not .
i ' ve had problems with lint collecting on the clothes when doing this . if you have n ' t had any issues , that ' s awesome .
you wasted your money . you ' d be better off with plain ear buds . 7 . 1 headphones are such a gimmick .
i ' m getting in that habit now , mostly when just moving around . i found it relaxes my wrist quite a lot in the long run !
was n ' t incredibly rare when it was around though . it was a nice model , despite the awful clipping .
no plex ; just a smb shared drive
yes , i disagree with the way this rule is being applied . free pattern coupons should not be included in paid pattern rules .
and the person that is always at 0 . 000 lat , 0 . 000 long
fair enough , what do you suggest i should have used instead of reality show or documentary ?
i like that sentiment . as somebody who has not lost anybody personally to war , i think i ' ll do that
if you read the decision in the pdf link in the article , it seems that rifles and shotguns were always exempt from this rule . til .
haha yes . be prepared for judgement . from everyone . just for riding a motorcycle .
yeah , this is definitely one for me as well . i wish i had n ' t let the fact that my teachers did n ' t seem to care dictate whether or not i cared .
you can rent a pickup truck with trailer from them as well , i do n ' t know how much it is though .
would comment on actual experience on intelligence requirements for hiring , but i ' m getting mass downvotes on this sub .
do you realize how many military bases would be in columbia ? i ' d like to see them try .
8 to 5 or 9 to 6 with an unpaid lunch , or you end up working all of that without said lunch .
luckily , wichita is n ' t anywhere close to as bad as western kansas . it ' s for sure not perfect , but it does n ' t take too much effort to find something cool to do .
are you guys serious about shower workouts ? i feel like i would end up in a bloody heap . i ' m pretty clumsy .
looks like he did see it coming , the car dips before the truck comes . you can be aware theres a truck there and not realise its a threat till its close .
apparently firefighters , police , and emergency medical personnel are all slaves .
blasphemy ! and off comes the head .
my cousin is actually retarded . he ' s a cavs fan . coincidence ?
so there is a forest fire and you see people trying to put out a small part of it and you go up and shout at them because they are n ' t doing enough . sounds great
yeah ! they played in chicago and got drinks in the bar next to the place they were playing . he was a really nice guy .
i ' ve seen the pop - up happen a few times as well , but iirc it does n ' t actually shred the target . i ' ll check the next time it happens .
oh god . . that would be the best costume ever !
they ' re not even funny . just sad . turn back , guys .
this is my first post here . but i ' m not mad , that ' s actually impressive .
actually 5 is not average on my scale . it ' s neutral . for me the average person is like a 3 .
there are only 24 , 000 cameras in the pentagon . you really expect a decent quality video of a plane flying into the building ?
look at it this way : all boobs are awesome and yours are just so awesome they wanted special nipples just to prove how awesome they are .
wait , this is serious opinion or sarcasm ?
it ' s the lack of len and bled , prolly
no i ' m pretty sure aussie is going to wreck their shit unless they get 2 - 3 early wickets . and i mean very early . like first 10 overs
i ' d like to know how well the viper that i got for free compares .
or chl , you wo n ' t have to watch games in the middle of the night !
the decor is still pretty much the same but the clientele is way younger in the last two years . it also get really packed on weekend nights . so i think it has gone from shit hole to dive bar .
the problem is once she is older it will be harder to use different actors and they will grow up way too fast to match the show ' s pace .
actually this is pretty far into the story . not at all a tutorial . this quest is pretty fucking hard tbh .
personally , i love it . is it gonna stick around for a while ? catherine was a great game .
maybe a general counselor and end up in a high school . maybe they feel they are making a positive impact .
i hope its safe to assume he does n ' t have your vote .
you ' re fine , its up for the next 3 days
interesting - i ' ve never seen them with cream and sugar already
the small packs have never had unique items that were n ' t in the main pack . there is also only a small pack for the first pack of a shipment .
close . it ' s a light controller .
i noticed the new textures the other day . looks pretty great .
no , but for reasons that you would n ' t agree with that have to do with the value of female sexuality .
ram ? modular . cpu ? modular . video card ? modular . hard drive ? modular . power supply ? modular .
feels over reals . the lottery is pretty much yours at this point . unless you ' re a man , then if you won it would n ' t be fair .
no it was drug issues . buddy ryan thought that would wake his ass up and it did .
game over green ca n ' t shoot ? and who cares carlson has a sniper rifle but he ca n ' t load the rail gun .
i was n ' t aware that eastern european , african , indian , far eastern culture falls under the umbrella of islamic terrorist culture that will be eradicated by drone strikes
word .
have you drunk any water ? had any vegetables ?
typical reddit retardation , move along .
welcome ! let me know when you go live !
suggestions on how i may be able to improve this ? kinda stuck with this one , second best one that is compatible with my computer .
hey , you guys gave us a hell of a run . that was some amazing hockey , both this game and the past few weeks . you guys are an awesome opponent .
this picture specifically is awesome ! the water is just shallow enough to make me actually want to explore the ship beneath
its a vape shop , i ' ve spoken with the owner a few times he ' s a good guy and they will periodically give juice away at the shops
i agree with your statement , but most christians seem to refer to god as benevolent
i have 1 slot with a normal athena team and another with my insect dragon quick farming athena team . i wonder if i can do it without using a defense break or needing sub ' s .
yeah , i ' d be splitting the gas costs with 3 - 4 people and sleeping in the van haha , but i ' m going to uni next year so i ' m not sure what my finances will be like .
i do them on pull ? i do n ' t understand the question . i do ohp , shrugs , and arnold presses on push then on pull i do lateral , front raises
good to know , i ' ll work with it . thanks for the look .
the back sits flush with the back of the dresser . there is a piece of wood on either that attaches to the back of the topper and the back of the dresser so that it wo n ' t move around .
the same god that said violence is wrong killed all the living creatures on the entire planet .
that ' s fine .
she will pretty much sell herself for a new title .
if we win cdr and ucl , he will literally have nothing left to prove at the club level . winner of uefa europa league , la liga , cdr and ucl .
not what you pictured in your head right ?
i ' m pretty sure antidepressants do n ' t produce euphoria .
so was a saudi diplomat , against whom no action whatsoever was initiated .
i do n ' t , but i ' ve seen it on tons of mom and birth forums . it ' s part of the reason i stick with only posting here as everyone is really inclusive about birth choices .
in some states that child could be 17 and you could be 19 . telling a 1 year difference is pretty hard , especially when the person tells you they ' re 18 .
capitalizing implies i am gaining capital from this . i ' m not . it ' s discussion . i think it ' s worth discussing . if you do n ' t want to discuss , nobody ' s forcing you .
this would give a lot of builds the ability to run rf without having to run across the tree for life regen . it might be a little op though but i like the idea a lot !
just stating what the article said . did n ' t mean for it to read as my personal opinion .
i ' m self conscious about the segment but i do n ' t think its that obvious in reality . the thick rings are a real pain to open and close , hence why mine no longer sits as flush as it used to !
you make it to the bedroom ? haha i ' ve slept on the couch a lot this week because the bedroom is so . far . away .
then whats in zero gravity space ?
sacred fire rotom - h .
why is that more attractive than more dollars in general revenue ?
i ca n ' t do yoga , but i can watch hot girls do yoga . there ' s got to be a place for me at the gym , right ?
feminism is non - negotiable . alaska ' s liberation is imminent .
i ' ve been going up for trips for 15 years now , and i ' ve experienced both extremes . this past president ' s day weekend , the snow was mediocre , but it was a total blue bird weekend
yes . there it is . that ' s the good stuff we ' ve all been waiting for . see this kids ? this is the gold standard of trolling right here .
sorry , i ninja edited , integral to the function of the product . my bad . also only fools was only linked because it ' s only fools , it ' s not part of my contribution to the discussion .
i hope joc does something to piss dodger management off so bad that they waive him . that kid needs to be a giant .
only 5 mayo injections ? well there ' s the problem with only 5 her body is constantly in starvation mode !
thing is , you ' d enjoy that
i did a lot of bad shit on high school , which , at the time , i thought made me hot shit . in retrospect , i realize that all that shit just makes me a massive fucking loser .
helping people better plan their families should reduce the dependency ratio .
m8 if you want da drug , i give you da drug , but i take all your money .
i ' ll ship you some beer from israel if he does that
he made a list ?
i would n ' t call it effortless when you have to cook for a big family , and that is the case for me .
except the whole progressive system is becoming optional . got this info from their irc channel .
haha , no - one is going to give jj any credit since he bumped and wrecked a lap car that would n ' t move for lead cars .
it ' s not a second heir . the first rose to the throne , but she had a kid already so he ' s next in line .
ah , cool . thanks man !
well i give up .
true , mutations are essential for evolution to work , yes , inbreeding , not so much . but you need a hell of a lot of mutations to occur before you have a new species .
basically just a spicy martini .
no problem . i hope it ' s not too difficult for you to get your money now . and you now have a lesson to pass on to everyone you know . never work for that dude , he wo n ' t pay .
lol , if you see me as that , that means you have seen the future . i am 30 .
step 0 : be an italian plumber .
and to avoid tyranny , it is better to not have any government monopoly at all .
how about some gold teeth with the fh logo on each tooth ?
lol , salt
our car rules , last time we played , was old bugs only .
well if they lied people need to know it ' s false information , regardless if it ' s intentional or not .
hmm yeah . 60 days in you should ideally be nicotine free by now . the way i see it , even if it might be healthier it is still money down the drain . btw congrats on 80 days .
i dabble in the film world and i ' ve been a fight fan for a very long time , so it was fun to connect the two .
coffee costs money , too or soda .
that means a lot especially coming from a packers fan haha .
the one where the borg emperor tries to convert harry potter to the dark side of the force before the white walkers come and steal the one ring from bilbo ?
i guess we ' re supposed to assume that women talk more than men which is a myth this already been debunked and a really tired lame stereotype .
its in the highlight video after the gamer girl says shes gonna quit on gaming and her career .
hey good idea i ' ll try it .
thanks , i ' ll try to find it . i ' m not too familiar with downtown
imagine ass splinters for weeks . body shits for even longer
i have n ' t met a whole lot of medical students . but my god there are some graduate students that should not be graduate students .
yeah , it ' s women that do n ' t do this that are dumb . if i could sit and play video games and have women throw money at me , you bet your ass i would .
thanks a lot : d
yes ! blizzard , make it happen . is it possible to create an interface addon that change light values based on time of day .
setback is pretty cool . super overkill for what i am looking for probably , but it does gets the job done . hopefully someone out there knows a simpler way to go about this .
go outside this reddit , and people love miranda . this is a very small group of people who actually played the game .
but if the concacaf ref does a horrible job then it ' s totally club america ' s fault .
fact : there is only one nation that has ever used a nuclear weapon on another country . that nation is not russia .
ya , it ' s pretty ass - backwards .
yeah . they ' re so fun .
what ? fracture is same thing as broken bone .
that sucks man . what was the item ?
mixes with the natural fat of the burgers and creates more watered down grease . since white castle cooks their burgers with the buns , this in hand soaks more grease into the buns .
wow i really appreciate it thank you so much ! i ' ll open my town in just a second . edit : opened !
curved like the sickle , and hard as the hammer that crosses it .
i never said you said it was n ' t . i just said skiing is fun though .
no , no , you have to wait until the female bread is in heat .
they most likely want everything yo open near the middle of all these new movies to cone out , but here ' s hoping to a soon opening !
yeah i was almost confident the cameras angle was n ' t wide enough , but sure enough it was partially there . and yes red car was most likely driving 40 - 55 on the 35 mph road .
yeah , but that takes too long for me to consider it a worthwhile investment of my time . my old 360 arcade ca n ' t handle that shit .
the only prime number which is one less than a perfect cube .
this is a very surreal experience .
that sounds like an excellent idea . we will set one up in ottawa for you , we hope you will do the same for us .
that ' s awesome . i have a friend who was a stripper . she says that since the dancers always wear crazy high heals , most of the regulars were guys with foot fetishes .
well , your console probably works better than my computer at the moment , so you ' ve got that goin for you , which is nice .
i ' ve got a toddler that touches everything . that germ farm .
real excited to see turn by turn on the apple watch . hopefully it translate well to biking . going to be making the pre - order purchase first chance i get .
like how jesus is always pictured as a white guy with straight hair and fair skin ?
definitely but i think if she actually worked out she could still get a pretty great butt .
every time i crash at my buddy ' s place when i ' m in town , i wake up early and read through his pratchett books . i really need to start a collection of my own .
i ' m not necessarily desperate for a new tardis , i quite like the current one , but if there is one then i feel they should head towards a brighter one , a la classic who
man , i ' ve been looking to get an alt , they look so fucking good
toxin is absorbed .
i honestly think you have that backwards nowadays . but that ' s just my opinion
yes , minimum wage is the wrong way to go . instead let employers pay whatever they think the market will bear , and give everyone the choice of a basic income .
hmm this is something i find hard as well when travelling overseas . i feel guilty for enjoying luxuries in a country where the average person struggles to survive day to day .
why waste experience on a unit you know you ca n ' t use late game ?
im not saying it was a better trade than getting mo , just that we gained more from that trade than the bucks did
its not a fade , its his hair running away from his face .
i agree . the neck up is stunning and that rich royal blue shade is absolutely gorgeous . but the lack of shape and fit just bothers me .
that ' s odd . i ' m also wondering what ' s in the kid on the right ' s hand that seems to be blurred .
promiscuous men are more likely to get divorced too .
oh . i feel dumb then .
or a keeper , would n ' t mind seeing these fellas each day
i manually controlled all three party members in every fight . just seems like are focusing on completely optional choices as negatives for no reason .
well , no . im up during the day , just the earlier part . during the winter , though , i get to see the sun for more than my drive to and from work .
yep . i am clueless . if you could read you ' d know that ' s not what i was saying .
it ' s just a giant glass jug with a cactus on top . i ' m a home deco genius .
read the sidebar . that ' s not what peasantry is . try again .
mating dance gets all the hoes .
technically , the one doing the vandalism would be a prick , but point taken . boston ' s not a good place to visit if you prefer civil behavior .
they are ukrainian intelligence . i would n ' t doubt for a second that they would lie when it suits them . after all , good propaganda is lies mixed with the truth .
can you use the hard drive addon in the fatty ? and does it not work over network with a slim ?
like 2 years ago , thanks you ' re right , i thought of it but have been just busy .
bah you ' re fine , man ! if it is n ' t factory paint then it ' s a heck of a job !
if he said this money was being spent to find an ebola cure america would have no problem supporting it .
agree with this . it ' s the first thing we see . otherwise , good reel . also , make sure to credit the song and musician somewhere in the description .
it ' s a shame you could n ' t fit moving target in there too , but i suppose you would ' ve had to take something useful then .
reverse osmosis can still be used on other water sources . a lot of people by the coast do n ' t know either , i just study this stuff for my degree
other than lava porter , the only beers from iceland i ' ve had were brought by a friend visiting from denmark . and that was before the badge so i ' m out of luck .
and then you end up getting agitated which leads to anger which leads to more time awake .
you ' re telling me the 1991 persian gulf war was unjustified ? or us forces who died in korea died for nothing ? what about the us soldiers who died ending ethnic cleansing in yugoslavia ?
that is some of the most constructive stuff i have ever heard . thanks !
also the first person to post it a year or two ago .
i went there and i ' m like , super - duper smart , so you should rethink that position .
to be fair i think every company ' s event can be viewed on youtube . the point is seeing it live
writing on a phone sucks . especially a new one with a different layout and auto correct .
google , man . it ' s my god . i ' m typing this from a chromebook right now .
you can provide a salt in the settings - the device will then use that salt as entropy for the key as well , and will also print out the raw entropy generated so you can confirm it uses the salt .
just go whenever you have a bad cold and take out a life insurance policy on yourself beforehand .
no afaik they are all the same , the ai just does n ' t work the same in different situations
that ' s not entirely true though . carnivores have to major groups : dog - like carnivores including dogs , bears , seals among others and cat - like carnivores , to which also hyena belong .
ha ! funny timing . i saw they were for sale again . are they the same cover ? do you have a list of wants ?
and anyone with common sense views them as a car . bucket seats , car engine , h pattern shifter , pedals and steering wheel . that is not a motorcycle by any stretch of the word .
well that makes life easier . good for you . and yes it will all work out .
maybe it ' s different on pc
actually it works across all jobs , as has been shown in every other western nation .
this is going be almost 2 full seasons out of the league . this would be one of hell of a come back .
fuck yes . ca n ' t wait to see him play on the flames .
plot twist . it was his shoe .
in linux , you can combine the short , single character , flags : free - mh will do the same thing as free - m - h
so we should be more concerned about those who are able to influence guns , jails , and money more so than the people who are in control of guns , jails , and money themselves ? what ?
it ' s great for events that do n ' t include the tiger .
ben revere replaced by eric young .
pretty sure wellington is quite strict too .
do you think you are in a position where you are comfortable living with and without sex and relationships in your life ?
only works on mass blocks .
maybe it ' s a nude yakuza member with some nudes tattooed on is body
after 700 hours of tf2 , i got my first successful market gardener kill last week . so , so sweet . so sweet i spent the rest of the day trying to do it again . shit ' s hard , yo .
they were n ' t imperialist in the literal sense of a monarch of one nation ruling many others , but they always wanted to spread their ideology by force .
bellona is about to get destroyed , she ' s broken right now , which is probably why you enjoy her so much . prepare to lose a loved one .
i ' m having ice cream and apple pie in 20 mins !
she was n ' t ordering 5 dollar burritos from chipotle , think more upscale restaurants and top sushi bar that do n ' t deliver for anyone , but her .
nope , nothing like that . also i didnt play ps2 in about 2 months , could be something related to that ?
would join you . love the idea of the solitude and the winter climate .
this episode legitimately made me sad that we ' ll probably never see hamill do a live action joker , he would kill it !
they ' d still weigh more than 5 pounds . also , the spell works on objects , not people .
they got outplayed in the first game and destroyed in the second .
people feel they cannot make a post to this subreddit without trying to duct tape some dank kappa meme to the thread title .
hive poop .
filthy baka gaijin trying to soil the purity of superior jpn group .
pitch , perhaps ?
in fact , it ' s almost better than markov . monsters could destroy the mines without causing harm to themselves . you ca n ' t avoid a toxic grenade if you ' re cornered .
thanks , i didnt read the full thing , didnt know this . still pretty cool .
is n ' t this advice for 40 year olds and not stomping your feet and sitting down in the middle of the supermarket crying about not getting what you want ?
it ' s not the arena . only 500 tickets went on sale to the public yesterday which is minuscule compared to how much the garden can hold .
i too am jew .
nami was his best support ! he played nami in over half of all matchups .
are you telling me that you ca n ' t often times tell the difference between a black person and a non - black person just by the sound of their voice ?
has there ever been a rooster war ?
more accuracy is n ' t the thing being discussed in this comment chain , perfect accuracy is .
what ' s the average net worth of a congress person ?
i ordered it from the official website . ships sometime this month .
mix the solid form of dihydrogen monoxide with sodium chloride and you get a nasty , nasty burn
you do n ' t have to be super sexually active to get pregnant , though . you can be celibate to 27 , have sex like 5 or 6 times and get pregnant , then never have sex again .
i finished the story in the same night that i first played it . that was a fantastic time ! made the story feel very real , given its all one night .
ah i see , thought you were a wizard . my bad .
that would be pretty funny to hear , it would be like a little old woman walking down the stairs letting out a toot with each step .
it ' s not the eu laws , it ' s national laws that they are breaking . too much to comprehend for citizens of a largely lawless country .
what mods were there for older machines ?
the exhaust is charcoal filtered through the roof . i do n ' t remember the details but i remember this was part of the plan .
said it before , i ' ll say it again , everything was awesome about that matchup .
i remember those in guam too . was there for a year or two . very quickly learned not to step on them with bare feet . best time of my life .
or maybe he ' s just a giving person .
why do you record them outside ? i do n ' t know anything about music , but would n ' t indoors be better sound quality ? i think i can hear cars go by on wasting time .
it ' s wildly considered amazing for a good reason . any pic or gif of her ass will confirm that .
6 would be better than 5 , imo . we would avoid a potential 2nd round matchup with gs .
cheers ; keep an eye out , we do have threads on that topic from time to time .
the ' i ' you ' re referring to is much more than your physical body .
they are the same language family right ?
because they ' re practically the last country on earth to have a totalitarian , absolute monarchy with a total disregard for the most basic of human rights and a track record of horrible abuses .
in hindsight , the louisiana purchase was a pretty bad move .
if you listen to it , the instructor is telling him to repeatedly tap his arm - i ' m assuming so he knows when the guy is out .
yeah , but he was integral to the story , the beginning and the end
expensive windshield replacement maybe ?
snow update : snowed in . calling fire department .
and , as most know , your average norwegian is over 7 feet tall , obviously .
that ' s exactly how i play her . i ' ll even out damage my carries sometimes .
the website is run from the east coast , so thats why the time is off i think , so hopefully we ' ll get that fixed soon . thank you for letting me know .
shots fired to hits , this guy was a good shot .
that ' s why i prefer the british version . even though it never reached a series 37 , which i also agree was the pinnacle , it also did n ' t run the franchise into the ground .
commit sudoku ? what does a number ' s puzzle have to do with this ?
knowing riot this will not happen , but seriously , the hair thing is just huge part and this skin just makes her look bad and different only due to it ' s absence .
your circle - jerk is quite lonely , friend .
i ' m from minnesota , and a guy that was selling it is currently in prison because a ton of kids died after smoking it . bad , bad shit .
marshmallow fondant is the answer to that . works the same , looks the same , tastes completely like marshmallows . it ' s also much easier to make ! delicious .
siberia is a wonderful place , but do not stay in the cities .
i agree , plus barbers in good condition are pretty expensive compared to normal junk it seems .
jive ass dude do n ' t got no brains anyhow
brown sugar ?
so is beck ' s album . it ' s just nowhere near their greatest works .
while i get the full point of what you ' re saying , i do n ' t think maggie necessarily counts as being part of that . i mean , she does n ' t speak . it ' s almost exclusively sucking sounds .
if we came from incestuous monkeys , why are there still monkeys ? are those the retarded monkeys that come from incest ?
it would have a direct benefit in your life and that ' s important . i ' ll vote for people who are pro - weed , because that directly affects my life
rooted in legend mainly , merlin was allegedly sealed beneath a giant tree . it holds up in some ways .
it ' s phishing season all year around .
funny because now russia is very religious . eg pussy riot going to jail for heresy or something .
i ' ve lived in both ! but i think its more the case that people assume surrey is like east hastings
does she respect your opinion ? if so , yes . if not , she wo n ' t listen .
but the guy above you said being late to work will get you fired .
world war 1 , they were n ' t nazis yet .
yeah yours looks great ! i have already started looking into them . that is awesome that it is a heirloom as well . cherish it !
taco bell ! edit : does minnesota have a food staple ?
nice work ! keep getting that distance in . before you know it , 3 . 7 will feel like a warm up .
no , i guarantee it was already set up . i imagine they have light effects prepared for every thing they play
most people are likely playing version 1 . 4 . 4 or 1 . 5 . 0 betas .
i would pay an extra 9 . 99 for that .
i love how you pulled this out of your ass , iran does n ' t hang teenage kurds . although it does n ' t hesitate to execute terrorists who were captured in their teenage years .
yes i ' ll send it now .
a valid fear for sure . i once hit a deer at speed in my truck , and it did some hefty damage and was pretty terrifying . i can only imagine on a bike .
nico . something about the gold plate speeds up the oxidation of the nic and it cause a more drastic color change .
it was n ' t perfect until your comment , it ' s the better ending . thank you .
air bags , son
the fucking perspective is what ruins this painting for me . toad , luigi , and yoshi are gigantic compared to front of the pack .
very true , it ' s a total catch - 22 ! looked up prairie bomb on beer advocate , and it seems quite delicious .
that is to say the face of the speaker should be perpendicular to the ground .
elephant ivory is n ' t consumed , it is used for making things , so you ca n ' t really poison it
and plays actual hockey .
good idea , especially with how cold it turned . also , used up some italian cheese that ' s been sitting in my fridge .
ow wow great they fixed that .
honestly . baseball is a ton of fun to play ! but its a major bore to watch .
pothole season is all year round , silly !
you can just call it communism you know . the end goal is anarchy
haha , hey man , my first unit was in iowa , so there ' s plenty of landlocked coast guarding .
quiet life , i do n ' t like attention . most fun you ' ve ever had ?
way i ' ve always seen it , is the cops love to ticket anyone who can afford to pay the ticket .
should block the entire thing . the ult requires line of sight .
hey sorry man i think i ' m gunna have to wait on all this . thanks for speaking with me though !
yeah , i also own a doll - like asura , but i wanted some variety . after playing around in the makeover kit for a while this is the result . i ' m really happy with her : 3
seriously , just let me demonstrate that i can read and then put me on the cash register .
great ! why do n ' t you head on down to detroit , find a nice little neighborhood to move in to and start off the process for everyone !
yeah pretty cool little fella .
the highest of praise ! i ca n ' t imagine working for an apartment after the last few months . i would go insane , and probably yell at a few people .
what color toner ? someone else said platinum , but i ' m afraid to do ash because wo n ' t that turn it grey ?
if chase is going to be the exact same i would rather not go through the hassle of switching banks . in my mind the big 4 are all the same .
just out the chips in a blender with some water and inject the slush in an iv , this is unnecessary imo
no kids and i have that vaccine . and i ' d still have all the porn . besides , i have time warner .
not even potential . i ' d say he ' s a lock , 8 pro bowls , 7 all - pro , and never missing a start in 8 years of playing is incredible .
shooting with a mosin does n ' t even work after 5 shots
heists specifically , you literally ca n ' t call pegasus while on a heist .
pistols too broken , volvo plz fix
no they ' re mind readers .
but not weird at all on aerospace fighters which need to also operate in atmosphere .
same reason why the goal post cameras are useless : too easy for the goalie to block the view .
my brother i pray for you .
i do n ' t think any would risks their lives , their family ' s lives , and their jobs to talk to snowden , though .
that ' s all fine , unless i have problems with it i ca n ' t say i ' ll agree , the same has been said about many things in life .
the actor is amazing . despite all his atrocities , i still managed to feel bad for him when his brother was killed .
you can start something in pots now !
did n ' t really have time to play it . it ' s bothering me majorly . ca n ' t just get robbed and pretend it ' s all good .
no , you have to transfer from the pool to a roof . i dont think you had to stall on it but it was still fucking annoying .
does the seed pod have mature seeds ? usually when i see magnolia seeds the pods are brown and slightly exposing the red seeds inside .
the director is cool . we went to the same university and lived in the same city . it ' s huge over there .
i agree , it was fowl .
lol . i totally forgot i have one scheduled in november . oh well , who needs a badge
i love that game so much .
i ' m sure this tiny white girl was perfectly trained to handle the hostile situation she was walking into .
you can get pretty hungry after a workout and snacks at the gym are way overpriced .
i laughed a bit too hard at this . i extended its application to a buddy of mine and laughed some more .
the difference is night and day . even just the single player alone . you really have to play the order to understand how much worse it is .
it ' s a piece by piece thing . i ca n ' t remember the exact prices on each piece in the shop but i know a whole set come out to about market price . we do still do custom orders yes .
sadly , not that i ' m aware of , but the manhood and the sock method both provide the protection while not actually doing the deed .
i did ring the doorbell but no one was on that side of the house .
west virginia .
plus higher moral since trad affects moral . it ' s still a nerfed version of knowledge transfer though . imo , innovative should reduce both tech and idea cost .
mulch , wood chips , etc
hiit training after weights is great . just do n ' t over do it . conditioning should get your heart rate up and leave you sweating . it should not leave you unable to walk and puking on yourself
eh we have an open spot do n ' t count out urban ' s magic
that should fix it , reboot your phone and try again ?
god hates figs .
seriously . 2 of my local banks - that i know of - retired drive - thru lanes in favor of installing atm ' s .
the movie changes quite a bit . i worked on it . best thing i ' ve ever worked on . i think the movie is way better than the book .
seriously ? do we need to pass a law that you are n ' t allowed to eat your own shit as well ?
once the radical right - wing comes to power , putin can finally liberate his countrymen from nazi oppression .
i do ! thanks again , man
thank you for your reply . could you tell me exactly what you mean by proper written notice ? does it have to be a certain length of time ?
oh right good call .
that area is not that bad . scared to drive down the street ? give me a break . ive walked down it at 3 am while drunk and looking for an apartment .
and that mustache will play well with the female vote .
this is a chicken and the egg argument .
that is the lighting in the room . i ' ll try taking a few with better light but they look great in person .
jeez , if you ever needed motivation to become a hacker . at the very least , download a linux live boot iso and burn a dvd , boot voila assuming no boot lock .
i got it real early on , used it for a bit because i read about its fabled power , but i do better with the rigor or average joe . it ' s just what ' s best for ya play style .
also in tallahassee . do n ' t drink that damn tap water . it was hard as fuck .
really curious what manning ' s 33 - yard run looked like .
cuz he ' s a good football player , bro !
that wo n ' t work , they ' ll both fall about laughing .
that wo n ' t end well .
it ' s often either grey , white , green or blue , but yes . it does that ! : d
yeah , lighter cotton socks do alleviate the issues a bit . maybe i ' m just not used to such a low toe .
so then what ? take away their wealth ?
more like shoving a giant gear head onto the north pole .
the pic is from a three part side story . there ' s a lot of starting points depending on how recent in the comics you want to start .
does n ' t sound like your grandpa would be buying women from malaysia .
so if a guy wanted to fuck you in the ass against your consent , that would be okay ?
if you only watch soccer for the goals , you should n ' t watch full 90 minute games .
i ' m here and i rang the beckoning bell
or you could read a goddamn book .
not a problem . it ' s a 3 - part post that i can forward along in a second .
also , you do n ' t address my complaint that there are no certification requirements for breeders on either knowledge or standards of animal treatment .
qb is a hell of a question mark though .
it ' s a human rights issue not a men ' s rights issue . dolt .
watch enter the void . but incestuous but still a great movie with lots of sex .
you ' re mistaken , we all are direct child , it ' s just linked to fire emblem casual so there are less branches .
i add it to cakes .
how do i move there ?
no no , it was the dog and playing ball !
hey you ' re actually an asshole
source please .
i like the idea of decline sit ups . any idea of rep and set ranges ?
yeah . that ' s another thing . i know a lot of people are not support mains , and get stuck with the filling the role . i try to be understanding as well .
he ' s the only name i ' ve seen more than two times this season , and he does it a lot in the playoffs .
both had light skinned aliens .
good point .
i ' ve come to notice that too , it ' s mostly due to the amount of tits and vagina references they have . it makes the raps seem childish .
what part of that are you questioning ?
chronos ca n ' t carry if your whole team is feeding the enemy . if they fed early game , chronos cant get to late game as quickly .
big hero 6 is out on dvd now . buy it ! you wo n ' t regret it .
my favorite part is when he buried that football .
so he parks in the middle of the intersection blocking other traffic ? the run over dude deserved it but this guy is n ' t innocent .
the discreet ginger .
hah yeah he was thinking burgers and hot dogs but i was thinking smoked brisket , sausage on a stick and a couple of sandwich options . thanks for replying i really appreciate any ideas .
charlotte and sasha were on main event some months ago and the crowd got into it despite not knowing who they were .
agreed , but my larger point was he ' s also not a likely ally for kraft .
you retarded fuck they did n ' t have nuclear weapons yet
yeah , i thought of that . it was n ' t the amanda show though . this dude , i very specifically remember him having his own show .
panzer just means tank .
not really ripping off . the founder of the team was from barcelona , and decided to use that crest because he liked his hometown team ; and this happened almost 90 years ago .
from what i heard they did n ' t break any laws because it was done as an open letter and not behind closed doors .
i ' ve seen the dazzle pipe drop three times already since it came out . two of the times it dropped for one of my friends . i want one too ; _ ;
it ' s the uk version of an associate professor
only if you ' re an ignorant baby .
snowden should be dead .
yeah , something like that man
i ' ve heard that early - morning lifting is bad because your spinal discs are full of water and more prone to injury . is that not true ?
a sicilian would have killed their whole families as well source : the godfather
interesting , i was surprised when i was watching weeds how similar it was to bb
as much as he is struggling as well , if the guy behind him had a hot bat he might see some better pitches . joc is more important to the team than rollins is .
not unlike the voter apathy party .
that ' s great , i think shops who communicate have such a great advantage .
no , apparently when he got home he found out he was being evicted .
i kinda envy you , my boy scout troop only wants to eat pop tarts , and they get pretty old really quick .
in your opinion , do you think its a good idea to allow a company to require whatever they see fit ?
the opponent used bloodlust , attacked , and tried for lethal with crackle . it only hit for 3 giving the op lethal , and the win . anything else for the crackle and op would have died .
joker was red hood first . that ' s where the whole batman fixation came from . batman pushed him into the vat of acid at ace chemicals that made him into the joker .
guys i ' m a girl weird huh yeah i know
nitrogen does n ' t suffocate . it ' s like carbon monoxide , people get light - headed and pass out , then die .
you ' re the one calling people idiots and quoting random south park episodes cause you ran out of arguments , but alright buddy , your money your decision . jk shoulda said your parents money .
well , if all the light is taken in by solar panels , you would probably need to light it during the day too .
no idea . this was years ago , and the house has since been rebuilt .
is n ' t real in debt lol
no there is a difference because animals at the zoo do n ' t blow up on buses or run over people .
i heard bad things about quality control on that though , not sure what to believe .
it ' s 18 in most place in the world , does n ' t mean you are an actual adult .
depends on the college , i have a class of 2010 tshirt from my school , which is when i started
it looked like toilet water after you ' ve dropped in one of those 2 , 000 flushes tablets .
in the show they ' re tiny , waist height like you said . in the book ghost grows up to be the biggest of the pack , to the size of a pony , 5 ' at the shoulder .
it ca n ' t work much worse than the current policy of not building . i ' m willing to give it a shot .
it ' s your shot , you can put the ball in play on this one !
til i ' m making a trip to green bay tonight .
how about you do n ' t police what i say and i wo n ' t police who you want to fuck .
we both know very well that als is a horrible disease .
yeah , i usually love andrew ' s voice , but that performance was n ' t that great
busquets is the best in his position . he ' s easily better .
hmm true , it was plugged in yesterday and is n ' t now . sounds like a good tip , will try it out once i get home and see whether i can make my laptop run the same way as it does with power !
we ' ve been playing on a lan and have a world going but need to move it online . can we upload that world to a server ?
just rhetorical , do n ' t take it too literally . if the above for you constitutes a normal day , then you lead a far more interesting life than i do !
the amount of time and stress spent trying to get that done is less than spending 30 bucks , plus you get free stuff . it ' s a win - win - win - win - win - win - win situation .
it ' s probably safe to assume yes , it is . do n ' t want to be on the front lines of the two countries with an empty sidearm if the conflict kicks off .
my oldest wants to start playing one in the school orchestra . apparently it ' s an option .
companies take note . having a snack vending machine right by a dispensary is easy money
yeah there is a whole thread about that guy on here .
haha man i ' m impressed you ' re reading the comments still ! after i commented i realized that there were well over a 1000 comments and moved on .
i ' d guess from the downvotes that i ' m not the only one . dry humor and criticism look the same when typed .
or unless your shop is on the east side in austin and you market to wealthy millenials ?
by dolly do you mean something that would roll all four wheels off the ground , thus preventing any damage in case the owner engaged 4wd ?
one thing i ' ve found to be in common with both the left - wing and the right - wing nuts is a profound lack of critical thinking .
while highly correlated , these bits are neither intrinsic nor necessary to being a woman though .
i ' m not their biggest fan .
the gt has a gt emblem on the back . there is a pony on the grill , but mine is plasti dipped .
buying a baby mask and putting on a diaper as a grown man will take you far .
indeed . i periodically use compressed air to blow off the keyboard . and you really only need a very little bit of powder to keep it smooth so it does n ' t end up being too much of a problem
i also blow my nose more than i take a shit .
better be ready to pay up , asshole . i ' m doing a full spread .
i do n ' t know where you live , but basil is extremely expensive here and difficult to grow . buying pesto is much much cheaper .
i guess they have to be , given the situation .
we ' re just bitter . let us vent . but you ' re right . they played good . rubio hit some clutch shots . they deserve respect .
i do n ' t know if i ' ll get married or not . definitely would n ' t want 30 kids .
if mine is 50 , is that too high ?
i ' ve used mine with a projector with no issues . i sold that laptop a year or two ago but before then i used the cheap dongle occasionally .
well i like it with a finger but i ' m just trying to work my way up to be able to get his full penis inside me . i have never tried butt plugs . how long does it take for them to work ?
i hope you do n ' t actually call it jr .
if i do that , will my activity be logged on flash drive or will it staff still be able to see it ?
freshman now get to pick their dorm . it ' s ridiculous .
jesus christ i can understand not respecting yourself , but have some respect for the people your around , having your blubber out is rude as hell .
i feel like i am so close to full clearing leviathan .
to each their own . granted it does n ' t take a lot to make me laugh , i even laugh at some of my own typos occasionally .
same or similar ? what would be the point of changing it then ?
i doubt they ' re hinting at any gameplay elements at the moment .
yeah , it ' s pretty sad that the language is dying . it ' s such a beautiful one , too .
i ' ve hired expensive painters and regretted it every time . they definately did not provide the quality of work i demand of myself when painting . i paint all my own properties now .
are we taking nominations for post of the year yet ?
also more money . se had a rather low expectation of just how many players would be flooding to arr given the state of the 1 . 0 version and the stigma that would have carried .
i do not feel like arguing this , but at the very least , factory farming is wrong . go watch some lectures and read up on the subject .
the other guy that asked was .
haha yeah , my arms will go numb if i stay under the bar too long lol , usually only happens if i ' m doing calf raises or widow makers though
thnx for answering well was kinda thinking the same but can tell u that dont mind at all giving 10k now just for 1 hero so any other option maybe ? like chen i heard is good
no . what he is saying is that you do n ' t distribute your teachers material without consent .
it ' s only been used 1x . the colors just do n ' t suit my skin tone .
it is executable . still opens a bunch of random text .
but then the belt would be passed around very frequently , making it difficult to establish and build star champions
i can open carry the shep in fl .
it ' s all in the back foot ! scoop and flick !
to be fair , the color palette of the seoul urban landscape itself , imo , is somewhat drab .
they are both racists so that ' s a pretty fair comparison . i think iggy might have the edge on kanye lyrically though .
do n ' t think he ' s eligible to go pro next year if he is just at college for a semester .
good stuff , thanks for the reply ! awesome counter , also .
thanks a lot ! i ' m proud of my little collection .
you see it roll over dead tho .
it was just wayne bridge being a bitch .
its weird , yeah
i ' ll go sloppy seconds on that sweet ass any day , cheers to op
yes , either through a coating or using more stainless parts
i have no idea how to play softcore . i just really dig the blue armor ha .
mine was digging a trench completely around the barracks and then filling it with gravel . if the rocks were too big i had to sledge them out . made a nice pathway , i was pretty proud of it .
they dropped 1 map whole event and they were n ' t even playing to their full potential , chill homie .
yeah , prove it !
hit me up in game . if i am near you i ' ll wing up and make a few runs
it ' s hard to pinpoint an exact number , but you ' ll most likely sit there for hours refreshing trying to get it to work . or you get in instantly , it ' s weird .
clearly in the top 3 cbs in the world . people might have the older performances in their mind and disagree with it , but he has been awesome after being benched .
well you ' re more than welcome to downvote my comment .
man i wish they would bring sal back , i just want to see where he ended up .
that was the first minecraft let ' s play i ever watched , and it was n ' t bad enough to stop me from watching the rest of them .
i do , i drink at least 3 litres of water a day to avoid dehydration and it usually helps it completely !
little fish , big fish , put it in a bowl .
with or without teeth ? op plz !
looks to be still working , have n ' t tried buying though .
i ' m sorry , i ' m not catching your meaning - the title is giving you realness ? the title is making you real ? what ?
the amount of cheap shots too . men ? fucking savages
not at all . it has a few hundred thousand people , is n ' t the capital yet , and there are not enough military targets to justify it .
oh , so he did raise it and it was rejected by the court ? clearly it must have happened , then .
but the effects last for 24 hours or more . like even if i get aroused right before i sleep , the next day i feel the effects .
uh , you are pretty much retarded if you actually believe that . a riot is about the last thing any agency wants to deal with . extremely dangerous and costly for everyone involved .
it ' s a shame . i do n ' t think there ' s any company that understands the internet less than nintendo .
when you get to level 150 , you end up with a lot of metal keys and a lot of random units to level
proof ?
figurative shit comment post .
i ' m sure there ' s exceptions but wolves do n ' t go in for stalking as much as running their prey into the ground .
probably because their parents forced jesus - worship on them , and not satan - worship or thor - worship .
the crew came into town and began helping out with cleanup . they went to work clearing the streets and picking up the pieces .
yes ! i was thinking about this restaurant but could n ' t remember the name of it for the life of me . this is a top contender .
i ' m just saying if they ' re not strong enough to lock the wheels , especially the rears , they ' re not strong enough to stop the car efficiently .
see atletico madrid vs chelsea , 1st leg of the 2013 - 14 cl semifinal
seriously never felt so thirsty during a movie . thought i could taste sand on my lips
how does that effect dosage ? is it stronger or less strong than queso ?
but everyone else would be dead , so i guess it ' s better than nothing , right ?
that sucks ! going to see them tomorrow fuck yea !
oh i do n ' t think it ' s so dangerous . i only drink once or twice a month . drinking is too much effort to go more than that .
lily enters the right door .
i ca n ' t even explain it besides it being a cream based sauce with different herbs in it , it ' s a white sauce and it ' s fucking delicious .
i know that feel bro .
that ' s because people do n ' t know what logical fallacies actually are . just because y does n ' t necessarily logically follow from x does n ' t mean x is n ' t damn good evidence for y .
virgin america does n ' t fly the 747 at all , they ' re airbus only .
i also grew up in duluth during the 70 ' s and 80 ' s . we played duck duck goose . but northeastern mn is practically its own state . very different form southern mn .
two names for the same thing . thunder is sound . bolt describes the electrical arc
whatcha doin ? some kind of woman ' s work ?
yes . you win .
this person is correct .
that would be nice . judging by your downvotes , i do n ' t think anyone here knows what you ' re referring to .
i was with you until i read undisclosed desires . this is the right thread for your thoughts , and i upvote you for them , but damn . a masterpiece ?
for some reason i do n ' t recall how the attack helicopters worked . are they stationed in cities like normal bombers and fighters ?
even when bisexual men are fucking women , they ' re still gay .
do you have to unlock the glider ? i thought the mastery line was just to improve the glider .
sid has one as well . edit : there was a game this year where malkin got his chain ripped off and broken in a scrum . might ' ve been against phaneuf but i ca n ' t remember .
the bullet went through his form .
it ' s great for hoarder builds . but i agree , it ' s not a money shot weapon .
so you ' re the reason tall , good looking men usually are elected president ? just because someone does n ' t have a very attractive vocal tone does n ' t mean they are n ' t good for the job .
read a book .
cool guys do n ' t react to explosions
sorry , did n ' t read the rules . mixed up the days .
i only drink water , and it pisses me off that odin likes wine , so i do n ' t think i ' ll end up in valhalla
played them all except that one , but i think its high time i did .
with an open fist no less !
tunnel or bridges ? the last time i took koch i regretted it for days
poop forrest , poop !
turn it inside out , pull it so the wrinkles are flat then get some steam on there for a few seconds or so
i think this means that greeks can come in , kill off the jews , and claim the land for their own , since it ' s pan ' s holy land .
because in - universe sully is a lot older than he was in fud . the actor in fud has n ' t matured enough since fud was only 3 years ago .
what is a crutch for a j ? want to start rolling and those would be my wrap of choice
i was pretty impressed the first time i tried it as well . it works a lot better with only one bike , but it handles two no problem , you just get a little less gas mileage .
ehh , i suppose that ' s possible man . but not likely .
can you point me in the direction of these books ?
the whole point is that there is nothing emotionally scaring about sex .
it ' s pretty bad , this is just a few days worth of pollen that got on my car from when it was parked outside while i was at work , it stays in the garage most of the time .
or maybe the parent threw princess birthday parties because she begged for them like thousands of other five year old girls .
you dip the blunt wrap in lean , and let it dry for 24 hours . it works , but definitely not worth the effort .
you should its really interesting i picked it up at my school library when i was 15 and loved it my mom likes it also .
hmm i suppose it ' s possible but i can see how much it is with other options if you let me know what your zip code is . thanks !
classic pessimist response .
did that last time and made out with 1 . 2m without an issue . drove more than half the way missing a tire !
that one guy is gonna get flipped if he tries to attack the flipper . the flipper in canon can flip any physical object or concept .
apply any kind of cider vinegar or can i use apple ?
oh , i see . cool thanks .
blah blah blah faux news ant ' s a racist nazi enough of the politics but here ' s a page length rant on why ant ' s politics are wrong
i also loved that the jedi were n ' t players . they were challenging ai that were basically immortal unless you put a rocket at their feet and blew them off the map !
police car ?
there ' s something about fresh cow shit that makes me think of green growing things .
put another way : i ' ve never desired to be shorter .
that ' s a beautiful way to describe it . you can always tell how good a guy is by how well he can effortlessly flow from one position to the next , just like tai chi .
they can pass the law , and then enforce it until someone with enough money for a good lawyer fights it in court .
we would have loved to maintain this ceasefire , however an attack on a sovereign nation does not suggest they are suing for peace and that they are just as horrible as ever .
also , if you happen to know of any other mothers who may be interested in the survey , feel free to pass it along !
good luck buying a house in boulder ; the market ' s absolutely insane
i would n ' t say that roma are a bigger team right now . i ' d probably replace them with dortmund in your list .
you ever seen yao in public back home ? everyone ' s up to his waist . you ca n ' t use the one outlier to negate the average .
if one man wants to kill another , and he does nothing , he will die . if one man wants to kill another , and he fights harder than his attacker , he will live . so is the way of the world .
yep its the same with gears on a bike . lower gears make you not have to push as hard but you have to pedal for more rotations . same energy to get you to the top just not as strong of a force .
are the saddles the dark brown spots ?
minnesota ended up taking their game winning fg on 1st down . cowardice too ?
units cost 2x as much as tiles at least . also , taking the settler would have caused a war and it seems like thats what op is trying to avoid .
rngesus clearly does n ' t grasp the idea of bullies .
i do n ' t believe you . any woodchuck was on the carousel , as long as its female
yeah . i realized what you meant after i commented . sticking your nose where it does n ' t belong usually brings nothing but trouble
i will remove that later and give it a try , but i have never had an issue with it and as far as i ' m aware its just a surge protection filter
you know , sometimes it felt like we were building for an uphill grade , a tricky area for sure .
do n ' t crank it so many times . science
because this would n ' t have gotten media attention if he were white , most likely . not to imply that black guys have it easier . it just makes him easier to paint as an underdog .
maybe not illegal but i ' d like to see how fast they get sued when an emergency happens and no one can call 911 .
are you for real ? that is n ' t what happened . read op ' s post .
yea , you ' re dead .
yes but that has to do with a lack of jobs and opportunities . atlanta is successful and safer and predominantly black .
did n ' t send out the email yet . i ' ll update you tomorrow !
i ' m pretty sure chapman has worn one his entire career in memory of his brother
we like to race the lamps , but i tend to win . i have all the invisibility ability ' s and gear maxed . with the mida , i fly through it .
so it goes still haunts me every time i see it written .
if i recall correctly he said this is his last yr hes competing on a pro level . i believe he tweeted this last yr .
to be fair , that movie is fucking awful
i actually knew that , i work at the british museum and that ' s pretty much page 1 .
that ' s gonna be a lot of players if you want to fill the map : p
if politicians in one party are rubbish it does n ' t make the other ones get any better . they stay as good as they are , they just might be more appealing relatively - speaking .
one day of agony and 3 days dead to reign in heaven forever and cleanse the undeserved sin every human is born with ? shit , sign me up .
we ' ll have you be a statue to decorate our party area , sound good ? : p
seeing him as a possible cap casualty makes me a bit happier . at least we got something and that something was jimmy .
damnit i am not combing baltimore highways on google street view for that billboard !
serious question , would you be ok with it if it was your business being destroyed and looted ? especially if you agree the cops were wrong ?
sounds like some time cube shit to me . multiple 24 hour days in one cubic cycle or whatever .
it ' s from hong kong , and yes , it ' s better . the morse code makes way more sense than pocket texting .
i appreciate that tyler directs , but i honestly do n ' t give a shit who directs it as long as the end product is dope . tyler directing his own does n ' t necessarily make the product better .
i used a mechanical keyboard once . felt horrible . the keys require too much pressure to push comfortably and are way too loud .
i was thinking people that did bad in school tbh , but sure , a waste of money , gotcha
yeah , definitely . kinda makes you feel not so small and insignificant . : p
you ' re the second one to tell me this and i swear i did n ' t have aladdin in mind when i scripted it . a song would make the whole dictatorship thing much lighter , haha
what if drugs are legal in that state ? say for example oregon ? do you think that legalized substance should subsequently remove someone from receiving welfare ?
the guys who play hank and jesse are in episodes as well .
throwback . nice .
my old school taught wing chun ground fighting . yours doesnt ?
ha . we are n ' t making money off ours . much better quality of life though .
half - scale half - pipe !
poor guy , did he take it hard ?
oh , i agree that they ' re cute . but they ' re so awkward looking . like they need to have arms , but even with arms they ' d still look wrong . we got a few of this breed on purpose .
because night is so bright , seeing the miners helmet makes me feel like there might be caves . but i ' m desperate to see those so i ' m probably wrong
you ' re right ! i impress her without doing it .
i was gonna say . it ' s not that bad , nobody died !
yes , they include a lot of fresh new options monthly .
the end of the run always has highest numbers , not the start .
it ' s an example of a theist logic : anything in the world is related to theism because a deity created it . you could replace that oak with any example you want and the logic remains the same .
awesome ! is the pack strong in your family ?
agreed , great match and a good way to get introduced to everyone .
i will post an update tonight , watch the site .
florida man is the real american .
hmm , i may give them a bash i suppose . it ca n ' t do any harm i suppose !
mine recognizes a lot of tumblr - terms but always before or after profanity , so i think i ' m doing alright .
well if communism goes as planned , there would be no one in power . a communist end state is equivalent to anarchism
if the game was stopped for every illegal contact , then it would last 5 hours . where do you draw the line ?
but i am on here partially to waste other people ' s time .
my old pre calc teacher had one on his wall too . mind you it was never used but it was cool .
yeah it ' s an awesome camera in the right conditions , but what it lacks is consistency .
and spanish . which is european .
it ' s istanbul , not constantinople . been a long time gone since constantinople . also , if you ' ve a date in constantinople , she ' ll be waiting in istanbul .
my sister never let me play with hers . which is fine , i banned her from my battery - charged jeep 4x4
i ' m on board with that . the show has range . five - o just established bottom . i ' m going to have to re - watch breaking bad , just for the new appreciation i have for these characters .
thanks a lot ! as a young composer , that means a lot to hear . i definitely enjoyed playing it , and some of the ensemble members told me they did too !
thanks , i guess it ' s just confusing because i used the credit card for it . i thought i had my head wrapped around it until i went to enter it in , haha .
lol . either you ca n ' t read or you do n ' t know what you ' re talking about . if you do n ' t know why answer ?
no i am asking do you have gearbox oil in your store lol ?
yeah , i had that problem . it really does n ' t count enough for it to be a proper form of revision , it ' s just a basis
oh god i hated puke . the other two were pretty stupid as well . now that i look at it , the only song outside the first 5 that i really liked was one shot two shot .
same here , tbh i think its a woman thing . words are just words to guys . plz no hate from feminists
thanks buddy ! they sure did . like you said , had that guy been a decent shot , i would have been dead .
most quality posters are on the og . the ug ' s posters are the worst though .
i ' ve have heard you ' re very good at laying pipe
no mention of solo queue stats anywhere .
why down vote for reporting the truth ? supreme court did indeed make that decision recently .
it ' s next to impossible , but yes . the only real reason a man might have a uti is if they are suffering from some other health condition .
um . not if the test was covered in standard curriculum . i got through all of my science degree without studying . i just remember lectures . some people have that kind of memory .
not if you ' re chasing someone in a car .
mine too ! great for keeping kids in the yard , off stairs or from crawling too close to the edge of the bed .
i do n ' t need any of this info because i just do n ' t care . at all .
sounds really cool . where can i watch it ?
idk sometimes you want to learn new style and different mood can change the way you look at songs . it would be so hard to do it successfully . maybe one day tho .
yea its good vs a non zerg team or a zerg who gets late gas .
your daughter is too kinky for me . scat play is one thing but actually eating shit is gross .
kanye is that you ? no but for real tho , she is n ' t worth the money people throw at her .
the infinity symbol idea was a little before it ' s time , it seems ! continuum uses it in today ' s teaser update .
thank you . i would have never guessed in a million years that a circle with 3 lines in it was the unsubscribe button .
1 - it ' s only 11 : 14 est 2 - just because it ' s april fool ' s does not mean that we allow people to break the rules .
ah yeah i forgot rama as well !
just check your statements . you might find one .
saying that he ca n ' t is wrong . it would be the opposite of easy but it is doable , the tools are there but the editing style would make you ctrl z a lot .
or college in a video game and porn ?
in the balkans it is important that we protect our nato allies which are threatened , in particular albania and greece .
he was n ' t a crook , tho . he said so on tv . people on tv do n ' t lie .
i think they have to be pretty stressed to be purring . for a cat that likes being handled , i would n ' t imagine purring while being hugged would indicate stress .
there is only two correct answers . drink the milk or add more cereal . you do n ' t just throw out the milk .
no way , monster brains was delicious .
it ' s more of a symptom that a lot of academic research is funded only because it produces results that can serve as political propaganda .
physical prime as in physical attractiveness . i know women hit their sexual peaks later in life .
her range increase on e and r was a significant buff though .
he ' s not the worst ever , and apparently you ' re not getting the blow risk high reward deal idea ?
better behind the plow than in front of it .
let ' s play tomorrow night ! get everyone back together ! : d
i ' ll take the aid ' s for 300
my neighbours woke me up with this song half an hour ago . i ' m not very pleased .
are you talking about the metro version ? desktop ie has tiny buttons and no gesture support .
so cats are out . there is nothing a cat likes more than showing off its butthole .
painted drums are just the worst . i ' ll take any painted disk brake over a drum .
same exact thing . did n ' t build a single coastal improvement since i decided to steam roll the entire planet . not even a city state survived .
bone is pretty strong . martial artists can punch through concrete blocks an inch thick . can we build a robotic martial artist made of glass who can punch through a bone ?
your username makes it sound like you have a snapchat account that you only send pictures of cheese on .
which is why you should be extremely careful who you let into your country , and who you give citizenship to .
we ' re all born skinny and the rest is arby ' s .
the best part with tau vs tau is that you can skip the movement phase !
i will definitely check that out ! i heard it ' s pretty good .
if you want to change the format click on twenty twelve in the bottom left corner .
the aussie equivalent of thanks obama .
i think its mainly just because they are a couple of the big dogs in england and their history against each other has had its fair share of controversial moments .
overcast . not a high chance of being mugged , i live in a rural area . going to get lunch
there are making can happen inside a increasing to the basic therefore needing a new therapy . op , this am sarcastic in the event a new version would like to include more english with a making .
at first i did n ' t understand this but i re - read the post and saw the error .
loved ones that can care for us . if you ever go to prison and the only way to be protected by whatever gang is to suck dick , would you do it ?
just so we ' re clear though , he ' s totally a lizard .
and i ' m sure the haze from all the cute scooters will interfere with the image .
it ' s a saint christopher medal .
ca n ' t get banned for using sweetfx . my sweetfx does not work as well .
good luck to you too ! may not be easy but it ' s worth it .
all i know is it ' s either from the 50s or 60s i ' ll show you a picture of the stamp if you make me an offer
you are n ' t trying hard enough .
that sounds made up , but i do n ' t know enough about canada to disprove it .
google will answer the question better . basically it ' s the relative movement of objects based on the difference in their distance from the view point .
but he has also never ran at ftl speeds , so he should be able to do it pretty quickly
you just keep checking the king with the rook , basically daring him to take it . once he takes it , it ' s stalemate because black king ca n ' t move anywhere . took me a while to realize it .
thanks for the flowers , gotta say i enjoy living here . hamburg is a beautiful city , only been there twice though .
i read that there ' s easter eggs to look for , fuck yes .
and ? their movement is pretty successful . maybe we should learn something and focus on our own issues and leave them to theirs .
it seems like you ' ve already voiced your displeasure after 4 games .
firing even when inspecting a weapon is instantaneous .
ooc : if you want to . my activity is going to be reduced soon because i ' m going away , so i suppose we should speed through a bit .
it ' s not that hard to get them to come back .
and made sure to pick up some technician skills . do n ' t wanna sit through too many assault waves if it goes loud .
yeah it ' s like wearing two watches kind of
only if you go full damage and play him in the solo mid lane . alone .
no . but i have a direct connection to european backbone .
ok . how about this . people thinking some other people are smokers is highly correlated to lung cancer in those people . boom , headshot .
that guy got murdered like last year , cops still have n ' t solved the case !
true . i think it ' s also tight socks as ridiculous as that may sound .
yeah it ' s pretty handy when you have angel room items that still need be added to your collection . kill an angel and reroll two items instead of just one .
he has his moments . i enjoy most of what he says . seems like a thoughtful guy .
sneaking doesnt work because of large aggro range . i kill a zombie turn around to kill the next and the first already respawns in my back and attacks again .
i make no judgement on them . they are just not the most evil country .
half - life , portal , l4d , counter strike , team fortress , steamos , steam big picture . i guess we are just going to forget about these things now ?
i did notice that she was a much more confident person after she did this , and more social .
part of that is the way the game has changed . people take way more 3s now , even if they are n ' t falling .
the command and conquer series got me into pc gaming . one reason i want to build a new rig is for grey goo
it is wrong to find peace or derive some kind of pleasure through the blood of a human . all humans should have an equal right to life , regardless of how small or large , weak or small .
maybe if they get caught auto - attacking in his pool , taking a load more damage than usual , but if anubis lands his wrap he will 100 - 0 you no matter what at level 5 .
i have n ' t seen him play at all , but if what you ' re saying is true , why does n ' t he play ahead of him ?
i gotta try that ! i love it with chili flakes on top too !
uh , me too . it lasts for so much longer too !
holy shit those condoms are like what i imagine having sex with a mound of angry fire ants would feel like .
he became an american citizen , he counts !
yes . we are at peace .
i have to push though . i just want to make it count . i could n ' t go on knowing i missed my chance to push . gray just does n ' t feel right in the long run .
it ' s too late for you .
and how did bb hand the exclusive on launch ? non existance .
i do n ' t wear mine a lot but i ' ve had it for around 3 years now and they are fine . i also wore them while snowboarding while it was snowing quite heavily and i ' ve had no problems after .
if you did n ' t tear up watching payne and msu after the little girl died , you ' re heartless
on top of all the other costs of living ? kids ? it happens .
life imprisonment is cheaper than keeping someone on death row , in most cases .
my dog only has 3 legs . could give it a shot tho
on the other hand they cost as much as like a month ' s pay
being embarrassed would require shame to start .
i agree it ' s great but i think it also gets recognized as such .
hey , it works for the politicians .
stop ! do you want to give me a heart attack ?
yes ! roa is awesome on her too , really anything with hp and ap . i pick her into anything melee basically , she does n ' t have many counters . only have problems with gnar and galio : s
fun fact : i witnessed a naked dude that escaped from mental ward running around the car park
i find that really , really hard to believe .
i have found it ' s more like 600 now .
for something as expensive as a winch , i it ' s likely to be a rebranded warn or something
iirc , walt was disappointed in disneyland after the neighborhoods surrounding it in anaheim ended up being less than perfect and made sure that disneyworld would n ' t end up the same way .
eat shit , dude .
the point of something being natural is that man has n ' t fucked with it . rape and killing rely on the consciousness of man to occur , and are therefore not natural .
true , but a foot soldier wouldnt start eating brienne ' s face
thanks for the response , i was hoping it was part time . i currently am a contractor full time .
the increased cramping for me was only for the first month or so . after that , no period no cramps !
woah thats some intense stuff though ! must be quite awesome for immersion .
best part about the target scandal , target was notified by their security system multiple times that there was a breach , but they did n ' t do anything about it .
i mean , was n ' t the college part only the last 10 minutes ?
probably knowing more about biology brings it up too . you would be more capable of doing it successfully .
ah sweet ! they have a flair thing .
i do n ' t really think those have been proven false . unless i have missed something the alleged victim is still trying to push this thing forward .
amazing how i did not check the source of the source . so how much fgm are you ok with ? is it high or not among palestinians by your standards ?
just out of curiosity , are you tt ' ing trying to get him to move today ? or just waiting in general for him to move ?
oh hell yeah , i actually shed a tear at the end of last episode of angel beats
satoshi could - assuming he still has his bitcoins by dumping some and crashing the price .
i ' m in miami but i make it to ft myers every so often . my best suggestion would be check instagram that ' s how i connect most often with other skaters in my area
i got them through a mod that gives access to boxes that enable me to spawn any item in the game .
if thats the case its not much less impressive . that attention . in the recap febiven said something i couldnt understand . awesome play . jaw dropping against the former eu mid king .
with techies and ld aghs now in you ' d expect something a bit better .
fantastic . what kind of music do you play ?
good to see local riders ! gonna be making lots of trips to sioux falls . hopefully i ' ll see you on the streets .
tried this with some cannabis . cut my butthole on the stem . harm reduction my ass .
montenegro was n ' t touch by the 90s wars .
whatever . in any case , you ' re wrong .
no , that ' s not true at all . lots of countries have race problems , and i would even say that the situation is worse in many of them than america .
yolks . 4 yolks and a whole egg every 4 person .
or from extremely delicious human meat . we do n ' t really know since we never tried it , do n ' t we ?
i think we will find out in the beginning of the next episode . also who that is , how they knew his whereabouts , etc .
anything by ti west is worth a watch in my opinion .
the swat turret will still target the escape car during an ecm , so if it kills all of the enemies closer then it ' ll kill your driver too .
yeah i ' ve been using meth for about 10 years now and i feel great . fuck coffee .
fuck running away , use righteous glory to come back to them , slow , and run in opposite direction
here ' s the secret . it mainly applies to cakes but brownies as well . do n ' t open the oven for the first 22 minutes . that ' s the vital time for rising
they must have a huge amount of expendable income to maintain such a tradition .
it is still there though . i got 2 notices from walmart , one on the 10th and today . no credit from them anywhere .
i did n ' t think it was either . but i do think pharmacy sales reps are almost always women .
i feel you , there ' s so much shit flying in my head when i teach . send a kid to the bathroom and 2 minutes later i ' m asking , where the hell is jimmy .
do you know any carriers in europe that offers an unlimited plan or at the least unlimited data ?
if you want to go there for christmas shopping at macy ' s , on christmas eve , without having to wait in line , or park a mile away . landmark is your place ,
finished prince of thorns and loved it . best fantasy i ' ve read in years , and i ' m extremely picky about what i read .
that hobby makes you unstable , violent , and more prone to be confrontational . it also puts you , your family , and your friends in danger . the opposite of desirable . do n ' t come near me .
you ca n ' t do that under eu law .
and that ' s why you get a dozen powerful wizard friends to help you out . having multiple people work on something makes it take less time .
nice ! i attempted to do it in a grey yarn and i did n ' t like it . i finally found a lilac color i like to start over .
honestly all 3 of them are good . i typically use the common , but the rare is n ' t bad either . i have gotten about 3 or 4 from a handful of boosters here and there .
it ' s starting fuck
and less labor to assemble it .
in south america ?
it ' s always an achievable goal . hard work ? absolutely , but not impossible .
damn , i didnt know that . and i though i could n ' t hate those bastards anymore than i already did . haha . thanks for the info mate !
exactly . a quick google confirms this is a public university . what the fuck do they think they ' re doing ? a free speech zone ? what the fucking fuck ?
light skin dark hair .
it really depends how its beat up . youre clearly the noob because you dont know what lenny looks like .
so does it have to be a gay marriage for it to be poly or is hetero okay ? there are too many rules now .
armor skin may be uncomfortable but it can save on unplanned incidents .
i doubt it . depending on how the door is made , and in what quantities it could be much cheaper .
if you have stock how do you prove it so you can get into those meetings ?
as long as it serves cider then everyone will love it .
yo , ho , yo , ho , a pirate ' s life for me !
dungeons on your fist character to level up is rarely the best way to level up . most of the leveling experience comes from doing world exploration .
once you get the perks in the armor trees it kinda becomes obsolete due to the fact you can just enchant a bunch of shit with carry weight .
he blows it out and ashes go everywhere .
this would be the srs that has users that openly admit to spouting hate - speech , as someone on here did just the other day , but justify that by claiming it ' s merely taking an eye for an eye ?
she mentions a divorce . between her mother and father .
i think it ' s jp bf rates , aka not very fun .
well then you are doing god ' s work .
it ' s worse when people say they hit you when they did n ' t . i did n ' t fight it as i got older because i wanted to be out anyway though .
i see it more like he ' s the producer and director of a book .
the stop playing support if you do n ' t like it .
fuck people like you who do n ' t appreciate racing . and only care if the finish is exciting or not .
ah , it ' s the most hygienic air dryer , but still pales in comparison to paper towels , though it ' s better from a green perspective . still , schools could spend their money on a lot worse .
europe ' s a different kettle of fish all together mate . i ' ll edit that post to show the difference in my setup for european games compared to premier league games .
portuguese ! i never would have guessed that . well , you sound pretty darn good to me so you must be a great teacher !
ill try him out . any position in particular you want ? or just value ? i am at work so i can not link my team .
the id of the body tube was measured via caliper .
clearly , op was referring to young goats , not children . learn to read , jesus .
they have two dogs , but they are for show than protection . the male dog does bark at anything though so at least that is something .
far better than a lot of the teams in the spl . some games are like this not many tho .
you do n ' t find power sexy ?
the ost for this game is insane , some of the tracks make you want to look outside just to make sure the world is n ' t actually ending .
do n ' t minimize the power of a government that has co - opted a religion .
really ? that would be awesome . i can pm you when i get home .
it ' s nice to see a mod joking around with everyone while umm , moderating at the same time !
another bit of revision of your own . they announced that there would be drm up until day one release to avoid pre - launch piracy .
so his only reason is that its odd ? tbh you know what sounds odd ? that you have n ' t broken up with this incredibly jealous and controlling dude .
what the fuck is wrong with you that you think racism is acceptable ?
yes . that is why rei is awesome . they really care about you getting a product you love
is your desk in a goddamn hotel ? no ? awesome . shut up .
yes , but if i had something to float on i would n ' t be scared knowing theres nothing below . it ' s the fear of the unknown that gets me .
turns out nobody gives a damn how much their main battlestation weighs .
it ' s a tough life living off of rotten shark and roasted sheep heads .
so even if you give up your israeli citizenship , you ' re basically banned from the country ? how do they know it ' s you if you ' re coming with a foreign passport ?
i agree . also the way the street looks and the house and gate . for me it looks like a typical street in a big city on indonesia .
i think those have been closed for quite some time now . there really is nothing at nothing , arizona .
like messy bob short ! and more blonde . i miss being white blonde .
exactly . either it ' s a penalty or their ball . the drop ball was completely the wrong call .
my impression of st . cloud is that it sort of just has nothing going for it . my impression may be very incorrect . also , i love duluth !
shots stop losing penetration at 500 meters , but disappear at 720 .
try to stay up all day and go for a walk . and eat some blueberry pancakes .
my guess is possibly as a spam prevention measure ? i guess they did n ' t want to force people to do a captcha just for a message .
keep in mind that , until maybe now , these guys were doing it in their spare time .
yeah , naming is a bit confusing . there ' s the ebony blade and there ' s ebony swords .
can confirm . also adds slight girth to e peen .
yeah we wo n ' t know anything until the team doctor looks at him
no he picked up his own case .
yea , kind of like the first ten or so episodes of go in one day .
and the funny thing about that is : there ' s zero evidence that terrorists take photos of their targets . none . this is purely an invention of hollywood .
we have several bases and one raid group managed to neatly take off about 7 or 8 metal doors in separate bases , presuming someone has it figured out
and it makes your immune system work into overdrive so naturally you feel fatigued all the time .
if that ' s the case , then more power to him .
oh , well in that case , why does someone need to be on the field in order to show that they have potential ?
vladimir , putin the ground .
he won the game for us , the jury is still out though as a starter .
maybe my mom and i can split a bottle and make it even cheaper on ourselves . thanks !
we must have at least limited discussions before i leave .
yeah , road crown is the proper term .
great , that would be awesome !
can someone explain these advertisements to me ? i do n ' t get it . why advertise a post on reddit ?
so u have to be born in cleveland to be from cleveland . jeez . empty pride for a city that has n ' t given you anything .
nah dude you ' d be outside checking the fuck out of some trees . trees are dope .
if you have n ' t slept with a bearded lady , you have n ' t lived
a lot of vengeance samples are ripped from songs .
well then price , but ya ca n ' t beat local .
i do n ' t really get why people find im hard at all . on normal at least just do n ' t do admiral ' s boat phase and the fight is a cake walk .
yeah , from what i ' ve seen the graphics just look different , not necessarily improved , theres no point going for de if you ' ve got the game already
you could have put someone else in for him in dark shadows or alice in wonderland , but that ' s just me playing devil ' s advocate
did you ignore half of my comment or what ?
hmm may have to try this i smoke about 0 . 2 in a joint with tobacco so idk
same here ! except for some reason i like to stir in a soft - boil egg and sprinkle black pepper and tabasco sauce on top .
all of k - scope seem to have great bands . big pt and tesseract fan already , also the pineapple thief .
and it ' s also no reason to expect that they ' ll always stay dependent . especially considering how nations like spain are facing huge domestic issues these days .
he ' s one of those players i ca n ' t help but respect and admire , great leader and player
faith is believing something without or in spite of evidence , magical or otherwise .
and the end game ? providing a service everyone appreciates ? good on you .
dude , you just made nostalgia punch me in the gut . i have n ' t seen that movie in so long .
usually the movies start at different intervals so i suppose they go around from one door to the next when they ' re done and lock the doors from outside when the movie starts .
god no . it ' s always the people that read as if they were just learning the english language that day that volunteer .
i was blinded by love and let her delete all the evidence . i ' m kicking myself over that one .
dude just stop , the only person being a douche is you .
the current update guys are already doing a great job undermining themselves , anyway .
cat gifs , bruh .
sure , sure the injection hurts , but that face right there could teach disney a thing or two !
treyarch makes the better campaigns overall and more popular and fun extra modes aka zombies . but my favorite campaign in any cod so far is still the first modern warfare .
we are using the unreal engine 4 . ue4 ' s hdr automatically adjust the amount of light the camera picks up . you also use sound to figure out where the other players are at .
yeah , i chalked it up to her just fumbling the words because the interviewer would n ' t shut up about it .
i like proposal stories too . even more when the woman is the one proposing .
v2 has exactly the same build deck just an upgraded top cap with 2 holes either side and afc with options for single coil .
same here but i ' ve got 4 years to go . 4 years of just home and school .
none of these have been remotely close to being proven .
that ' s what you get for being a fan of the other team
he was waiting for the shot !
great job ! for the topper i made for my daughter , i attached it to the dresser with 2 hinges . that way , it can be lifted up to clean under , and it ' s held steady .
or watch eve streamers who are n ' t smart enough to set a delay on their stream for free intel !
right ? she does n ' t sound like a great sexual ed teacher to me if she does n ' t know the difference .
no , i ' m not . you seem to be very defensive about this issue . i ' m just trying to spread understanding about the aspects of power , communication , and cultural dynamics .
he seems pretty cock - sure of himself .
on windows 7 right click on blank desktop and select screen resolution . then show desktop only on 1 should disable your 2nd monitor .
i ' ve not lived in birmingham but i did like living in nottingham and to be honest i quite like the midlands having now mostly settled in derby .
good point . prison would not be too fun for me . : p
better than the ignorant people who do n ' t recognise that what ' s happening to these poor girls is directly akin to grooming ? they need help and compassion , not vitriol and name calling .
i laughed hard . my buddy ' s aunt is a die hard bills can , she ' s always so happy until the playoffs come around
i was upset when i saw tt on fourth line but it seems to be working amazingly .
wow , i forgot they give you a choice now ! thanks !
i just got sent a link where it was clearly blue and now all the original pictures look blue as well . stuff the tea , start pouring the whisky !
let ' s just let the fallen explore the vault . in fact , let ' s put up signs towards the gorgon ' s labyrinth - problem solved !
well then there ' s still the point that she was barely able to block bolts .
definitely pyramid because it ' s not illegal , just a shitty thing to do .
kill him with fire and vape on his corpse .
post sources . are you claiming the palestinians still own all the land ?
canada . you know all those graves ?
office was pretty ? all i remember was getting stuck on physics objects .
it ' s the saucer that abducted omega , he spoke about it crashing into the ocean as he made his escape .
seems like an important fact about the tattoo you just got on your body .
you guys have boring sex lives .
i did n ' t get him , i used him in one of the battle mode towers . his specials are hard to use , he ca n ' t hit properly , and he blocks slow .
let people have their fun . it ' s because some people live in suburbia that they like to escape to the woods for a getaway . what you consider being miserable might be a welcome change for some .
i guess you ' re right there . ah well , i was just venting a bit . hope the match can still be contested fairly !
i do n ' t have to , if they ' re paying attention .
dude what the fuck is your problem ?
guys eyes always wander , if they are happy their minds stay put .
finished series long time ago , great game !
sorry you ' re getting downvoted bro , but you are in fact wrong . it ' s probably more like 1 . u . s . 2 . china 3 . russia 4 . france 5 . uk 6 . germany 7 . india
bitch i said shut the fuck up .
is n ' t all ddr 3 dual channel ?
what ' s to hate ? i do n ' t understand . memento is pretty good . probably 6th or 7th best twist ending for me . everyone ' s different though .
i completely agree if its a multiple day stay , downtown has so much more to offer , and most in walking distance
he could have brought that child to the lord , right there .
yes , chopping . in the book , she chops off his foot with an axe instead of smashing it with a sledgehammer .
one of my personal favorites . that and jab - lead leg head kick .
do n ' t forget the zombie disease .
actually , foxy does n ' t start running when you watch him too much on night 1 and 2 .
market manipulation and price controls .
i was actually referring to the manga , there ' s a bit more power creep but it ' s handled well .
did you just miss the half - spider thing ?
the business i work at , the industry has really incestuous hiring practices . basically everyone has either worked for a client , a supplier , or a rival . or all three .
exactly , time lapse was too fast as well . barely saw any birds , for all we know op spilled some seeds on the ground and then ate them for karma .
ca n ' t run effectively if hips are too wide
bit harsh ! haha , i ' m sure it ' s not the name .
they ' re still around . in the mall where i work , there are four . there are a few at the university i went to , too .
i love the shit out of his last album . it is a great summer listen
im excited .
there are laws that state you have to hire unqualified candidates ?
hard rock , metal . anything that would sound good with distortion pretty much .
i ' m hoping some of the forgotten non - le upgrades come back !
sorry , i completely forgot ! hope people see this before watching it
if you make it a band , you would n ' t be able to add a fourth monkey . that ' d could be unfortunate .
i ' m genuinely not sure if you ' re condoning violence or condemning it .
not sure what you ' re referencing with that comment ? but sure , i ' d never date anyone who had that kind of idiotic sentiment .
agreed . i have n ' t heard sea change in vinyl but morning phase is probably the best sounding record that i own .
he ' s been playing for samoa since about 2008 . good to see .
just some curls , shoulder presses , pushups and kayaking . thanks for the kind words .
well the ship race is one way of doing it . staying in something smaller and having the same fun works just as well .
damn , someone ' s mad ! i ' m not even a pats fan but comments like this are pathetic as fuck
i bet you could do something similar to what i did , but the sleeves would definitely make it too tall . if you sacrifice some of the token space you could probably get a third stack of cards in .
this , then incline dumbbell bench . the mind muscle connection with cable flys really lets me target the upper chest .
nope . he is alive and well .
it would be interesting what she would do if you guys got divorced , and received substantial amount of alimony from your missile - defense job . would she refuse the money , do you think ?
that would indeed be the case .
yes . they could also be used as intake but in this situation i ' d use them as exhaust .
good point i never thought of that , well this show takes place 6 years before , so if she was like 8 - 10 in brba she would still be alive in bcs .
fair park is huge and paved for vehicular traffic that is non - existent outside of the fair . not trails , like wide car lanes .
i ' d never survive a 9 month stint of no drinking , even if i did , a lack of caffeine and giving up sushi and other foods might kill me . good work for your child .
til scottish highland cows ca n ' t be male
depends , are you growing it yourself or buying it to process ? if the answer is the latter , yes , if the first , no .
the english are going to write us a fucking open letter if they have to play in athens .
ah , no , he is alive . that show is deeper than that lol
venom of that nature need only make skin contact . your skin absorbs what ' s on it .
you sound just like my bitch dad . wished my dad was chinese . not some beta sexually deviant pink skin .
k said you guys all had a lot of fun - looking forward to actually meeting you two !
true . but he still stands a better chance than spyro , who was sacrificed to push skylanders like sacrificing yoshi to get another jump in super mario world .
like tea yeah . boiled water , put in my mug , added bullion cube . stir . drink
one of my favorites . the book is good too .
sigh . could n ' t we all ?
the reason you drop nic levels with other setups is because vapor production is increased . it evens out about the same when you figure that in .
i can tell you right now that i am equal shades of brilliantly pale from head to toe .
legend says if you break hard enough you may reverse back time .
i totally get that , you ca n ' t get a beautiful design without it . but it ' s still meant to be eaten . and dear god is it gross .
oh . my god . pete is going to look terrible in 1979 .
supply and demand . it takes a ton of engineering and build time by highly paid people for a product whos market is only a very very small subset of the population .
pizza ?
ha yeah i got a peek ! he used eternal ink . inside his ink closet it looks like a fucking rainbow
for me if the other religion was true , i would think that god would have more mercy on me for choosing the only religion that was really an option for me in my area than for picking atheism .
it seems that no matter on whom the focus is , things are going to be generally hectic once the feeds come back on .
unless he has a performance fall off i could see him trying to stay until he has 8 .
because israel helps bring back jesus . they ' re a bunch of silly stupid fucks .
well they do n ' t sell them with just the rears , i ' m saving to buy a set and am about a week away from being able to get them
why so angry ? i would flirt , but not in front of a dudes family or to the extent that they always seemed to think i was , like i wanted to fuck them or something .
no , i ' d put the same 4gb file on an internal web server and download it from another site and compare the speeds .
lower elo dosent even kite , they just stay at melee range as ad carry and try to just make more dps than enemy .
does n ' t affect my performance at all , gpu load is actually low especially when lots of parts are around . changing cpu performance drastically changes game performance though
yeah . i ' d understand it just from context even outside of this sub , but i still cringe when i see it . i do n ' t think a lot of people would bother with context though .
that would have been amazing . his porn persona actually made me like his character .
the timed action is really great , the parallax too . nice .
i do n ' t get all the hype of this guy . i know hes a good player but is he that good ?
far sight - draw a card . that card costs 3 less .
people forget that brian is so outspoken about how his father ruined lives and how horrible it was .
yes that ' s nice , but where in the uk is the majority of the demand for housing exactly ?
knowing me , anything ' s possible . lol i ' ll double check before i hit the upgrade button when i get home .
hahaha , that ' s about the best way to explain it
you wish that was how things actually are but you know deep down that it ' s not true and yet you still say it to make yourself feel better .
we ? it ' s not about this subreddit when it comes to hsv , disliking them is pretty common in germany . they ' re the only club to have never been relegated from the bundesliga .
in my books , being fluent in more than one language is an incredible talent . haha
did n ' t notice that , thanks .
i ' m currently doing my masters . i do n ' t want the extra hours . work has taken enough of a toll on my studies !
indeed , my friend . when your whole life is on fire , it ' s probably best not pouring that can of petrol on yourself .
just be glad they did n ' t steal the life - size cardboard policeman .
well he went into the all - star break with two bum ankles and a hurt wrist . he ' s probably still hurt , now add that elbow to the head earlier on top .
came here to bring them up . everything is delicious
oh . that part . nope , i ' m just forgetful .
i ' m pretty confident that will be him anyway . he was amazing in the first half of the season .
skynet would be destroyed along with the earth .
they have to find something wrong with his physique to make themselves not feel so self conscious . just like the top comment talking about his calves . like who gives a fuck ?
cap ' n crunch will fuck your mouth up if your not careful . lucky charms is pretty good i guess . i think its a good balance between marshmallow and the grains .
what , so the team will fall apart and lose all cohesion once it comes to actually engaging in combat ?
near death .
but how do you turn ?
cool what foreign language are you studying ?
like crux , random drop at hardest level . gives you a choice of 3 exotic weapon bounties .
i actually really like scientific notation , so having an option to have it all - on or all - off would totally work for me as well .
if nothing else he was effective . i made damn sure to always save . the few times i really screwed up i just cringed hitting that reset button . i had to carefully weigh my options there .
nah , i dont play games .
post a picture of your coil , might be worth looking into . maybe the wicking just had it ' s best time .
i ' ve learnt a lot about mechanics and i ' ve sort of fell in love with the beetle simplicity , so yeah , neither would i hehe
fb : make an engine
that would be sweet , but you ' d likely need to code a mod for that . actually , a steven universe mod in general would be cool !
east campus is 100 times better than west campus .
haha no ac but i do have a vent fan . i try to stay out of the van as much as i can during the day because it gets super hot .
mid texas coast on a crazy charlie type fly i tie . and ya this was on the lights it ' s kinda like cheating .
that was an awesome post to see !
so warwick university is in the north , but i can still study my program in london ?
there are many stories of employees not being paid fairly that did not get the money because they did n ' t have union representation .
i was in the hospital for a week on a drip because i tried to walk off a burn . i bet this dude tries to walk it off .
here comes yet another anti - american circle jerk
it is , i was just speaking generally for his body of work .
mars atmosphere has more carbon dioxide than earth ; the lack of atmospheric nitrogen is more of a problem .
there is no pilot light , just the burner in the oven .
that ' s why i want this to go to federal court . the nfl could appoint a judge or goodell could simply review it himself .
great idea . going to have to try that
i know . man , i ' m never getting over that !
i ' ve tried a couple of them , the balancing blues one always gives me crazy cool dreams if i vape it before bed
forsure . great job on these btw . got my whole clan to change all our phone wallpapers to your work . much appreciated .
if you ' re referring to the part of the song where it sounds kind of like gibberish in a high pitched voice that was young thug , not rich homie quan
no , the canadian stig wears a hockey jersey and goalie pads .
yeah but charge desync can get pretty bad when it ' s so fast and so many .
she ' s a grown up . if she does n ' t want to date you she can decide her own reasons for that . she does n ' t need you to do it for her .
yeah silver has a lot more of an outline .
they do n ' t damage anyone on the team full stop
certainly ! if your ship was designed with radiators , you deserve recognition .
last june there was still ice in superior .
more power to them , they need a buff .
no , i do n ' t really care about people that i do n ' t know wearing whatever they want to wear .
i uploaded a pic with alien blue . apparently it did n ' t work , i ' ll try and edit it . thanks for the heads up .
it ' s frivolous until a propane tank blows up in your face .
cheesy potato casserole !
oh , super fun ! i ca n ' t mentally make myself try bouldering . top rope is my security blanket .
yeah have 50 mirrors each taking a 50th of the full beam , and focusing on the target . i feel like that would totally work
no one got a hold of my bill , im sure toronto hydro got hacked , im sure they didnt only screw me , or who knows if someone in hydro is working with the scam artists
with my knowledge of i pet stores i can confirm there are many nitrous cars in the aisles , so i do n ' t see many flaws with this plan .
in and around amsterdam mostly . cops are fairly laid - back here , unlike other other parts of the country .
thermometer is the most important , by far . i look forward to your future submissions .
if you apologize you admit fault which can get you sued .
same , but only because i grew up in tornado alley .
i did on pc because i was stubborn and did n ' t want to while . i mean , i only had 1 boss and the final boss left , but it was a nice challenge .
there is no difference between the two . either you overpaid or not . it does n ' t matter why your tax bill is what it is .
yeah , we ' re going to decrease the light time and also get a test kit from petsmart for our next weekly visit . then i ' ll be able to see what ' s up with this water biz
wait , did people really tought i was for real ? i am obviously joking .
or just found one containing a chest while holding the left hand .
regicide isnt actually available to play right now , so thats why you havent had much luck joining a game of that .
i certainly would n ' t be against that . i admire a company that has confidence in their product . why do i have to do ?
that ' s kind of the backbone to the bus idea for me . sounds like fun . my bus , my music , my computer , my guitar and i .
as long as folks like me carry on the old ways , the good mother will never die .
he never said tl ; dr , dumb fuck , he said lesson of the day . lesson of the day : you ' re an idiot .
i ' ll just take your word for it
it ' s the next video game .
i agree with you . i think biases aside kobe and jatt have incredible in game knowledge and , although they are fans of certain teams , do convey the strategy of the game better than most .
he ' s a minor in canada , therefor he will barely get any punishment .
not difficult , just do n ' t fuck up your hand trying to open them . literally the hardest part of dealing with raw oysters .
pink nova master skin on pink sparkle goat master race !
wow , that ' s fucked up . just out of curiosity , is that related to pi kap ' s current suspension ? they were one of the worst offenders when i was at psu .
your judgement is way off then .
musical genius ? yea , calling him just a genius is dumb .
that must be so confusing for a little girl .
yeah , america . the land of ridiculous health care costs and lack of privacy .
nip will win cologne .
this is why i never play cards with drunk people carrying machetes . it ' s always been a personal rule .
lovren is shit , you can make the stats say whatever you want
so basically kids steal terms used long ago that were outdated . the same goes for cray , its origins start in the seventies i believe .
what ' s the cost of living down there like ? i ' ve been thinking of moving and going to a city that provides broadband for its residents is a great benefit .
i used to train my hands by punching cement walls over and over again .
hipsters will bring it back . stop .
my bf lost his shit when it dawned on him . we were 5 or 6 episodes into the series .
it causes massive lag to me to , but the hair looks amazing from my perspective
still not op ' s fault . if it was n ' t that , bil would find something else to blame if the business failed . do n ' t mix money and family .
it was harry crane ! he ends up having to leave the room before the presentation over after having issues with his wife . that was don on point !
interesting to know . i drive a chevrolet and my automatic headlights do not turn on with the wipers . as far as i can tell , it is purely based on the amount of light hitting the sensor .
lol i guess you ' ll have to wait and see what ' s next ! on undisclosed : addendum !
you want to kill creationists but not muslims ? wtf !
no . lots of black people can pull off dreads . a very small percentage of white people can .
8 more days of being a kings fan then . enjoy them .
i ' m talking about after i beat the starved beast , i ' m not going to use the bell i was just curious on why it would n ' t work anymore
or nonprofit academic institutions that build and maintain 90 - 100k capacity stadiums in the most random places all over the country that are only used 6 times a year .
it will . or just wipe the board with isopropyl alcohol . if it ' s aged on , or certain types of whiteboard , or shitty markers , then it takes a lot more work .
the public had been mandated by the fbi to find the bombers . oh right , we do n ' t say that because it kills the circlejerk . sorry .
it was the girl ' s wool sweater that gave it away .
i agree , i always thought it was weird playing him at center .
with so many other double color casting creatures , that would be a difficult feat to overcome .
no one said it is . they call it baseball
woah there , friend ! it seems like you need to slow down !
right , also why i ' d wanna get it out of the way around my late 20 ' s . i think my older brother ' s backup plan is to give up his citizenship at 38 .
also more yellow sun means less work .
one word : huh ?
if you want to delete it that ' s fine , otherwise do n ' t worry about it . it ' s fine if i have some egg on my face for mentioning votes in the post , i did do that .
overhead signs at start saying fines apply and cameras . a few hundred dollars in fines would stop them from trying again .
you ' re right . i think the soviets would get in sooner and have more control after the war like eastern europe an d north korea .
but you get only a slight improvement to thief xp and lose the bonuses to everything else . weapons are important too , and crafting , and armor .
i ' d tell you to try a dns tunnel , but it ' s probably too slow to play it .
you asked why the west is concerning itself with iran . i ' m not saying if it ' s right or wrong , but that ' s a reason .
the holes dont exist . its mounting the plate mount that creates them .
i ' m sure they are , but we are still a small market , and i think the fact that we do n ' t spend to the cap is evidence that we do n ' t really have a ton of money to burn .
how much do they go for ? could i show up on game day and get something outside ? im not sure which day ill be able to get my work done in time to get over to the field
i ' m a grad student and it ' s a school gym . it was alright . i usually just bring a t - shirt , so this is a one time thing
dude this comment was so good i had to google it to make sure it has n ' t been said by some famous writer or something .
no , you ' re thinking of the supreme lime court , although both are subordinate to the supreme council of fruits , who are actually quite concerned with the legality of homosexuality .
that was awful , did it drink a bottle of olive oil ?
one of my friends shared it on facebook , i do n ' t have any clue where it ' s from , just felt it belonged here . a lot of my friends are like this : l
his wife ' s a super hero the invisible woman
fatties be down voting . fear not , shitlords have your back .
thanks for the advice !
this is useful for helping figure out if your remote is broken or if it ' s the tv .
last i heard that was the case for a lot of places . that way if the trainer abuses the dog , then he can be held for striking a superior officer .
perhaps , but it ' s clear they really want to focus on their us market right now , since unfortunately that will determine whether or not the phone business is even worth pushing for ms .
yep the feet look like a hen and the spacing of the black and white of the feathers too .
i also think you should bring your contour right round to your forehead and jaw to shape your face even finer , i think nyx taupe would do wonders for your colouring . gorgeous hair btw !
like , the buyer just needed them so badly that he paid a crazy amount for them ?
still part of fight or flight . it is hard to run while you are shitting your pants .
i ' ll be acoustic , doing what basses and electric guitars do .
good to hear ! good luck with everything
definitely . that guy is huge .
next time a turkey is around , please attempt to spook him and take a video . i googled a bit and found footage of female turkeys flying , but no males .
how is it a false equivalence ?
rinse right after .
yeah , i had around 3 and sacrificed my energy per tick in order to gain more bonus from the prot cells . after my prot cell could out do my ticks per second i went to 1 .
it ' s not to play , it ' s to sell to some rich person who wants a golden sculpture of a fiddle .
he ' s actually only 20 pounds so small for a male shiba .
we can always go deeper . brain parts removal for smart children ? equal pay for ceo and janitor ? results being equal requires sacrifice and vigilance .
my bad ! i always confuse space aliens and big hollywood , both living on another planet and all .
would much rather date the latter , to be honest . sounds like a fun guy .
it is n ' t even derailing . it ' s the same thing sans the gender . you can talk about male circumcision and how it relates without derailing .
if kerbal space program and space engineers has taught me anything it is ; strap it to a rocket and if that fails , add more rockets .
aww man more stuff i gotta buy i should of just gotten some used one with everything .
i guess . a bass bit me on the nipple once .
so asking for up votes does n ' t work . huh .
somehow i did n ' t know about those ! i have used bedding in the past but will probably try litter training .
i had a similar issue . i wound up restarting my whole system and internet connection . weird stuff .
i think this is the first reddit post this month that made me actually laugh , here have my lol .
do you know where i can find the raws ? thanks .
also a 10 at northwestern is a 3 at asu .
with a little work , a proper viking funeral .
so , to live a life of luxury , you must indulge in luxuries ?
i like to leave room for growth in my metal scale . but i ' m seriously running out of space before 11 .
the point is that they should be better . faker ' s too .
oh shoot thanks for the warning , i ' ll fix that asap .
this ! fear factory - supernova is a very cheerful , upbeat rock song !
interesting ! restless leg syndrome is the absolute worst . i used to get it when i was on antidepressants . it made me miserable .
if they can avoid an offensive pass interference call and have a second cheetah at wr , he could bite the safety ' s head off , allowing the other cheetah to get on his route .
cod reminds me of fish .
take a selfie doing this and leave it next to the corpse . no goose would fuck with you again , once the story made rounds at the pond .
sure , if you ' re a random mugger . but if dick and tim run into batman , they ' re probably going to be able to tell if it ' s bane .
good god man , you have to have a sheath !
yes , jon voted for his girlfriend to win because he wanted missy to lose money . right true on reed , though .
how are they being rebellious children ? they ' re caught in a war brought upon them by the rebels .
i ' m not too sure about that . dan john has a few mass building programs that involve squatting for 20 - 50 reps . arnold schwarzenegger also squatting often in the 20 - 30 rep range .
chains should end up about the same size as veil , give or take .
i was playing along this time : d . did n ' t mean anything by it
about 6 years ago , my religious education teacher illustrated muhammad with a cow , a piece of ham and the cartoon head of a muslim . shit was pretty funny .
because they are so fucking white and nerdy that they think hating their own race and propping up black people on the internet will somehow make them cooler .
what the fuck are you talking about ? 360 and ps3 are absolutely not millennial systems . even the xbox and the ps2 came out in 2000 or 2001 . that puts them square in gen z .
i ' ve got three , my oldest being 3 years . still going strong . dunno what happened with yours , but i love mine
in fact there were many people called jesus because it was a common name at the time .
it helps that they were flying so damn low and that many of them were using on board phones and not cell phones . i see you ' ve got to get that tinfoil on anyway .
they actually bounce around a good bit try shooting tracers you ' ll see
cave paintings were just put down a few thousand years ago , do n ' t buy into the propaganda from big cave
so 0 ? i did n ' t kill either spider i posted , first one was long dead when i found it and my cat killed this one .
it ' s been fun watching salt lake slowly transform into a cool city . still has quite a bit to go , but it ' ll get there . as long as the rest of the state does n ' t intervene , that is .
i have his license number . what should i do to go about this ? edit : after leaving a message w his license number he promptly called my tenants to schedule time to do the work
i ' m a huge fan of jimmy and a big supporter of playing it slow with mrazek but i agree . if he ca n ' t bounce back then i want mrazek to get all the playing time he can in
ahhh . gotcha . fair enough .
farmers with hearts of gold .
quack !
what on earth are you talking about , they ' re almost polar opposites . a marxist society does n ' t even really have leaders .
i have a neighbor who had brain injury and really does walk like that . it was very uncomfortable to see at least
the history of the english language podcast starts with a bit of it , if that interests you .
i was expecting that . but this is cool as well .
yeah , fair enough . you ' ve done a very good job .
i thought that at first , however it happened again after 10 days so extremely unlikely to be an asteroid . could be a volcano though , although i thought mars was pretty much dead ?
i love supporting good art and people .
i think the text was intentionally not properly hidden .
newton turned into a religious crank long before he died .
damn that is a bit scary , i thought them exploding in a ball of fire at the slightest accident was a movie trope like with cars basically exploding left and right in crashes most times .
just use your penis to press it .
more control and mobility too . hunters are just damage dispensers .
also i can use my laptop to find other guardians while playing same time and not take up space on my screen .
lots of people see being a juror as their chance to punish someone , anyone and a lot of people just want to see people suffer .
i once tried to add ground ginger to a bowl of oatmeal and ended up with garlic powder .
i would have a nervous breakdown . i hate any red numbers on my phone .
i do n ' t know how he did n ' t murder him after he raped his wife . i would be sent to a mental asylum after that happened .
more animals on the horizon !
i ' ll test these things next time i ' m on to see if any of these work .
you do n ' t have to sift through anything , it ' s not a pile of papers , it ' s a single line you read and realise you have no interest in .
hey thanks man i appreciate it !
he ' ll probably end up purple .
we have abc stores where i live . thats where i found it .
thank you for the nice things you ' ve said . and happy cake day . hope it can live up to the hype .
free roaming cats are also why we have so few mice and rats in the city . i ' d rather have a couple cats in the alley than rats .
would you feel better if hillary used her maiden name ? you ' re making it seem like her and bill are of the same blood or something .
i believe war in general is devastating .
the entire point of money laundering is paying taxes on illegal funds .
i would go cheaper for pure keys . 500 keys is around the price though for those who are interested in trading knives for it .
if you could have any one food for the rest of your life , what would it be and why is it spaghetti ?
these are too good . is it bad i laughed ?
yes , you should go with a hammer if you have one .
your solution assumes exactly the fix that he just mentioned .
how fast do they move in the show ? because even on foot he ' s faster than 70 mph running , and way way way faster than that if he ' s jumping and leaping . how would they hit him ?
nah , vlad isnt that clever
if you get them during the general sale they will most likely be around 100 usd for lower level . give or take 20 usd . the seats i have are 110 per ticket for lower level seats .
i ' m going to that show too !
hey , i did n ' t even make it through college let alone university , i ca n ' t help anyone ! what ' s your exam on ?
cool , man . anyway , it ' s nice to see brazilian buildings being made . keep up .
are you thinking of his brother and nephew ?
i had shingles last year . can confirm they are horrid .
imagine sleight of hand while speed reloading , your character would be doing fucking magic tricks on screen : p
more like sand - meow , amirite ?
kawaii desu leonard ?
you ' ll know when that happens because you ' ll set everything to low and you ' ll get 20 fps . if you can run what you want now , you do n ' t need to upgrade
i disagree , ignite seems to have superior aim , both teams are just bad in general . no coordination . ca n ' t believe fenix picked this map
to take revenge , i too do that sometimes to the ai players .
best of luck with the trolling . i hope you make someone genuinely angry .
i would n ' t give monty a roster spot . neal is actually pretty good , i like him . but honestly it ' s probably gonna be how you said it .
a change . org petition is n ' t going to do a dang thing . people really need to get on the phone and call their reps .
ca n ' t stand here either . i only like 70 ' s sprinkles one .
southern gold is awesome , but hard to find !
manila is fine post show . except for the gross bots performance .
let the hungry eat the fat and the homeless , and you solve three problems at once .
yeah . more on the body with me , though . gotta stay in shape .
nah , i ' m with you : 4 seems like a lot for a first date . especially when you stopped drinking , that part might even be weirder !
crysis 3 man , ultimate gpu tester
most likely due to their shapes . cone a directs the pressure evenly , the cone b does not .
well you can believe that if you want , but its a waste of time and potentially frustrating to the rest of your team .
thats the most adorable well intended word misunderstanding i ' ve ever seen .
company of retards .
lsd is n ' t consumable straight from the earth and it should be legal . all drugs should be legalized , not just ones that grow in nature .
thanks again , it means a lot .
i do n ' t have a screen and it ' s mid winter , but i found a space on my stairs . thanks though !
got mine there too . works great for cast iron .
yeah , there was one disc in the drive . thanks for reminding me to do that .
actually tyson barrie is a pretty solid d - man and he ' s a big offensive threat
yet . look at uganda and some of the other african nation ' s that evangelical christianity is exporting itself to . it ' ll happen , it ' s just a matter of time .
i think you ' re lying . not about imagining trump cumming , but about having a girlfriend .
this exact question is being posted 20 times an hour and you think you ' ll get serious responses ? lol
she saw the number 10 , 000 iu and did n ' t realise how low that actually is . in all fairness 10 , 000 is a pretty scary number .
when you move up in the world , you hold a clipboard . no one fucks with clipboard holders .
human order is literally created by human hand .
they have n ' t stated it yet . although they both look gender neutral to me .
no , nylon was used in the war effort , so stockings barely existed . there were multiple brands of paint - on stockings to be found at the department store in the early 40s .
you could well be right . they certainly were n ' t happy when the first crusade proper started their journey .
thanks man , i do n ' t really know what i ' m doing too much with mixing , but i know when it starts to sound right lol .
in true post - kurt rams fashion .
and on that dishonesty , you find reading newspapers and following milo to be dishonest ? the criminal investigations bureau think i ' m on point .
can you hit a shot like him ?
the nest is still my choice .
note that you should be perfectly fine if you only get one cancer .
what do you do with linux ? mine are 1 . file server 2 . media server 3 . general tinkering also after win 10 may migrate fully to linux for my main pc
dat asp ! shake it baby !
only because disney ! hades is literally greek ! devil , otherwise it ' s non - sense . but still i do n ' t think it ' s gonna be hades .
everyone has been saying forearm and its starting to grow on me !
i ' m worse at aiming loose cannon than i am at stock , so i could see that
i posted a picture of the rules that were sent out to the parents . it pretty specifically calls out dresses and tops , and girls only in several of the rules .
those who do not believe in them have no reason to preference them .
amplify has a different purpose . they both work in synergy .
name me a good outlaws match . go ahead , ill wait .
thank you very much . wherever he is , he ' s not a happy man .
that sounds sadly like the old berserk anime . that makes me sad though , i hate things with no resolution . sigh .
i honestly do n ' t see the problem . if they wrote the part with a younger woman in mind , how are they in the wrong when they reject her for being too old ? is n ' t it a legitimate reason ?
do n ' t worry , they should pop right back in once they ' re clean .
the arabs who reside in the eastern part of the city can vote any time they like . israel has offered them blue cards ever since ej was annexed in 1980 .
you understood it just fine , you just needed to tack on a completely unnecessary rant at the end of it . just relax guy . have a nice drink and settle those jimmies .
no , i ' m saying if people are arguing that oh feminism is n ' t really for equality and all that , it ' s to show there are good true equality ideas . feminism is one specific branch .
again , there are people who exclusively buy from retailers .
supposedly both gambit and nightcrawler are coming in x - men : apocalypse .
did it entail finland becoming a puppet state of ussr a la warsaw pact , rather than a part of it like in the case of baltics ?
the final score of the game is the other team 8 , ethiopia nothing
i did this out of old tshirts ! i used the back of tshirts from the tshirt quilt i made .
this is definitely true , even more of an incentive to be fit and exercise , you get a bigger dick !
is instant stabbing in the face without getting angry also an adult way to solve this problem ?
i ' m more of a night person i ' m afraid . do n ' t see myself falling asleep before 4am today . its about 6 . 30pm here .
rather boring . just listening to music , looking for some conversations . i ' ve also been tinkering with reddit is fun and my new phone . how about you ? what are you up to ?
red rocks trail just west of town .
well i think it ' d be better to live in the baltics to be honest .
yep , great additional bit
i ' ve heard virginia .
i agree , he has lost 3 of his last 4 , regardless of who he lost too , he still needs a few good wins
dragons in chinese folklore are often depicted with those tusks whiskers . their faces sometimes have a different color on the top half as well , so that may explain the brown .
yes , i ' m serious . why would i assume that someone posting on reddit would be a refugee and not a normal immigrant ?
maybe because they beat your local rivals man city 8 - 1 a few years ago , as well as 2 - 0 recently
ca n ' t read a good book while driving . ca n ' t go for a pint and then drive . commuting by car is shit .
romeo was a pussy .
kids , do n ' t actually drink that please
it looks hot pink on my tablet and i did n ' t understand this post at first . lol i was worried she had actually switched lip colors just because someone said she could n ' t pull off red !
just pick up the corner and let them all roll out , that ' s how i do it . are n ' t you supposed to put the napkin in your lap anyway ?
they mix fine in all the european countries that have both . better than the mixture of euthanasia and private business .
yeah , i ' ll probably just change all the text to black
its a command normal yes but they said he only had access to it at the end of the round .
he ' s the hero japan deserves , but not the one it needs right now .
to be fair , everything is better then steam ' s customer service
my first son was born a vikings fan . we had him euthanized .
i hope it made sense , i ' ll try to answer any questions about it - that ' s what we used in college - cheap , easy to throw away and easy to make another one quickly .
great observation . i do n ' t think revere ' s ceiling is as high as hamilton ' s but dollar for dollar , a great comparison
good morning and thank you ! i feel pretty fabulous too . tomorrow morning might be another issue , going clubbing tonight .
is n ' t that also in civ 3 ? i remember moving my tanks from one spot on the continent to attack and instantly fall back to the other side of the continent with just railroads , all in one turn .
i can only hope that can happen in my lifetime but i ' m not an optimist .
i know of plenty of times gambit had to use subs , but i ca n ' t find anything about them losing bans for it . got a link ?
3 weeks in a row getting nothing but energies and coins . then last week i got my first gjallahorn off it . after 600 hours of play . i was a very happy guardian
that ' s true of diesels , but not of little gas four - bangers . there ' s not enough pressure in the exhaust to keep the car running . ask me how i know .
they reduced it by a tenth ?
he ' s useless . id eat him alive and i ' m not even a walker .
yeah that one ' s great ! it was assigned reading for my workplace and we talk about it all the time .
she was never queen of england . she was queen of the united kingdom of great britain and ireland .
ooc : nope , i want to buy one but other things get in the way . my mother taught me how to use normal playing cards as the tarot cards , though .
yeah a lot of people do n ' t accept all other self harm , so why is gluttony different ? it should n ' t be .
it was so long ago but i used to download demos for games over and over back then . i ca n ' t remember half of them .
who ' s dick is big enough to fuck a temple ?
sting ?
maybe someday . i have a lot of these to make before we get there . : p
hell yeah he ' s awesome , i hope i can meet him one day , and you too ! your band is awesome .
his dad is an awesome ad . hopefully mike does well
dude stop already . whoop dee doo i got fake internet points after saying an incorrect fact ! i better go tell my bros !
why because he has had one bad season ? damn you guys are so whiney about claude and his decisions . it happens to every great coach ! everyone has at least one bad season .
maybe management did it ? i mean a foreman could just as easily be scared of showing his boss scrap .
right . the thing to take away from this is that if you ' re not in a critical situation requiring paramedics but need to hurry to the hospital , call uber .
of course they can , and they should . although i feel like we are way more concentrated than the anorexic side of the spectrum and not doing enough at the other end .
and you ' re obviously doing your part to help make the army a better place ! thanks !
it ' s more about canada ' s b team being able to take the silver . which is n ' t really true , but they would be a competitive team .
i think that nolan films do emotionally resonate , for whatever reason . like , objective fact , we can see that this is true . what ' s interesting is why .
is the size of the brick really relevant ?
someone needs them a rifle - spear !
see you next wednesday . if you get up early , stop by the tailgate . dying wear ultra stuff because they ' re banned over last year ' s flares at the end .
yea whether purposeful or just lucky it worked .
do you feel that would be the result of the skew in population , or as a result of the physical and skill differences ?
charizard is still for sale if you ' re interested
gotcha , i thought you meant moving the base . if they just lower it then it would be more out of sight , but i ' ve seen people working on it during the day so that may not be an option .
bbt is so fucking bad i ' d rather get my face chewed off by a zombie .
do n ' t wait too long because advisors are going to get busy soon with advising coming up .
he ' s the leader of the world ' s largest organization ever . maintaining the status quo in that position of power is n ' t hard .
very happy to hear this , he will be my first stop .
shit , i ' ve remember my first ep was 9 with jackie on there up till 100 then i lost the drive but picked it back up at 160 and have n ' t left since .
yeah i am the same way i bounce back and forth between my parents mannerisms a lot , i wish i could pick one and stick with it but haha oh well
minimalist or not , the room looks incredibly dull , at least in my opinion .
do n ' t pigs also get made into sausage and pork chops ? i mean , bacon is good , but there are other pig treats . right ?
hard to be a devout catholic if that ' s what she believes .
but does it have the legend , the man himself , michael jordan returning to the greatest game ? for me sir that is worth 10 , 000 bazooka ' d spider bums .
i have told sooooo many people about the magical dollar store pregnancy tests . i think they work much better , except for potential for messes .
with reel big fish ?
it ' s a sheath dress so i do n ' t think this would be a problem . and there will be boards around i ' ll be able to grab on to if i do fall in . it ' s a really good point though ! thanks
you get that from his writings because he ' s obviously a bigot who literally advocates nuking the muslim world .
no a high impact low fire rate scout rifle with firefly would n ' t be useful in pve .
thanks i ' m going to check it out .
do n ' t apologize . just learn stuff .
i read it at 15 and i could n ' t stand it .
way to delete your original post and then have my mocking you go straight over your head . it must be fun for you , being a half - baked faux - intellectual on the internet .
we ' ve joked about asking them to put up a zip line .
yeah . the vive ' s input works great .
thanks . how do you play against handlock with the deck ? just wait til u have lethal and then burst the last 15 health ?
lol do n ' t expect it to and thanks already got hotline it ' s crazy fun
are father jokes going to become the next new thing ?
try to get a hold of the mut rep on this sub . he could probably somewhat help you out with your situation . 300k is a lot of coin , man . i would n ' t be chill lol .
that ' s a little further than sitting at another table during lunch this one time .
i actually agree . nothing wrong with smoking , but you ' re not awesome just because you do . you ' re not the first person to do it either . nobody cares , really .
is n ' t it a one lane road ? i would do the same . i do n ' t want you squeezing by my car and risk damaging my property .
shit not even canada ?
ca n ' t believe that one did n ' t pop into my head as i came up with the question ! a lightsaber would definitely be badass man .
the mechanical keyboard cord was not long enough ; _ ;
id say purple could fit in , in some way . just not blue .
that ' s oman , which has a large indian population .
idk how often you go to tournaments but i go to like 1 a week . people take adderall daily you know as a prescription
i ' m assuming op is a glass blower , not just some dude looking to get some old pipes off his hand .
i think mikey is nascar ' s shaq lol . i do n ' t know how that man fits into a race car .
i have sympathy for him , what you just described does not seem like a person right in their mind . i ' m not joking when i say i think he literally had some sort of mental breakdown .
crossed an hour .
great point . something i would n ' t have considered until it happened for the first time . lol
wild .
oh yeah , i forgot . it ' s been that long . heh . well like i said , it ' s okay if it is n ' t . can a man dream ?
i said exactly this after iem , that they wont do cool picks once they are a few weeks in in the lcs format , and got downvoted to shit .
i read your link . it makes really weak arguments . plus the website is not reputable at all . instead of looking for hidden meanings , you should first look for meaning .
looks more like verbal diarrhea . those words are all in the dictionary , but i ' m fairly certain they mean jack shit when in the order presented .
the ghouls also hit you : o
any idea where to find the pre - painted molding ?
only if you have had metal dental work .
i am but a broke college student so i figured i might as well get some money for it while the value is still decently high . i ' ll probably end up putting it towards witcher 3 .
haha ! that ' s a great idea ! i ' ve honestly made so many plans this weekend so that my mind does n ' t have a chance to think ridiculous thoughts !
mine as well . i gave up bottles for kegs a few years ago .
because they were accepted into the white group . i do n ' t know if that ' ll work out with the blacks , lol .
ah , yikes . i do n ' t have pets to worry about , so i get to enjoy it for what it is .
well considering the aesthetic is half the reason these posts are getting attention , i ' m not surprised that he thought this .
that ' s what i was expecting but suppose your right . i did just stay in belize city . obvious tourist trap .
why would they need to retain their cuteness ? by then they would be full fledged metal beauties .
great , i did n ' t know it being a rockstar game hindered it from being region locked
god i love this shit , it ' s that kind of concentrated stupid that would be sad if it was n ' t so damn entertaining . i ' d love to see the trailer you think this shit up in .
hey watch it , that ' s my life ' s work right there
the fact that they accomplished this by forcing her into nudity makes it sexual abuse .
and the instinct to scratch .
grandma , josh hamilton is a baseball player , this is n ' t his facebook page lol .
did his comment take place during a serious conversation with his gf ? point is , it ' s just childish and weird . most of us are adults here , lets just call it what it is , sex .
sometimes when you spin the car , he ' ll read the next pace note calmly while you ' re stopped . the sound design for this game is fantastic .
maybe it does n ' t overwrite them , but it makes them a hell of a lot more rare . on the small server i ' m playing we had to travel like 15k blocks away from base to find our first jungle biome .
how is that at all clear ? chancellor and wagner were absolutely bigger factors in that loss .
i stir fry with olive oil almost every other night with a cast iron wok . everything is always fine . i probably just do n ' t heat it as high as some people .
i totally had my fingers crossed .
no i am pretty sure that if you block someone they still see what you are playing .
nope , i started watching football because of the vernon post . firing harbaugh will make me angry and dad all my life .
yeah , but i do n ' t think nerds can be athletic enough to climb anything .
when you stop at the end , so cute . my heart melted .
but i like going into the void , why destroy something so aesthetically pretty and awesome lore wise ?
for sure i can revive it ! most of them are flatter when they come in , so i ' ve mastered a vine - revival strategy !
the people handing them out were n ' t students , they were guys from a place called the christian science reading room .
they ' re almost always average dudes . hot tub guy was , so was drunk guy .
if you think the causes of their deaths are equivalent you are poorly informed , which makes you ignorant .
so do n ' t go to kanye ' s set ; there ' s still other bands there .
i mixed together some mirin , soy sauce and sriracha for the dip . salad is just a simple salad with iceberg lettuce , cherry tomatoes and cucumber .
no , toyota moved to plano because texas bribed the shit out of them to come .
what anger ? what makes you think i am angry at all ? because i think it is ridiculous that people ca n ' t treat eachother like decent human beings and think they need to be afraid of eachother ?
in the very least you get boobs in your face .
i think that ' s more because guys are more likely to have guy friends and girls more likely to have girl friends .
a spoonful ? like you put it on a spoon and just eat it ?
if it ' s the real deal definitely . just check his instagram and see if he ever posted a drop off at that club .
or give you a runny nose . always .
would n ' t women do a better job of how you should sell them their underwear ?
you ' re right , you can deny that . withdrawals are harder to prove . that ' s why most banking institutions have lead tellers double count withdrawals over x amount .
i ' ve got my hat now . how do i end the game ?
they could be shot year after year , the hp films were shot over more than 7 years , the actors ended up to old at the end .
they do color themes almost every season so i think its just green ' s turn . next season crossing my fingers for purple
i just have a hard time with eggs in general .
please , the middle west for life .
buy me dinner and see what happens . i ' m a cheap date , taco bell is fine .
the worst part is how dawn came after rise . well , the mildly frustrating part .
try it dude . let yourself feel it it ' s fuckin emotional as hell too listen too
not more pixels , but they ' re essentially rendering the game in 2 separate and unique instances in real - time .
no ! just shoot everyone driving
the damage is garbage . the s scaling is more like b scaling on that weapon .
very true .
if this came standard with every prosthetic arm there would be a lot less depression over the whole losing an arm thing .
last year blake stepped up when cp went down , now it ' s dj stepping up when blake goes down . i ' m looking forward to the spencer hawes era next season if dj goes down .
well men do n ' t get to the anger part because they do n ' t ask for help in the first place .
it would be an indication that our views of sex are different . that ' s not a double standard .
definitely true . then again , i ' ve seen some that would go off if you sneezed in the other room they are so light .
you do realize there is a healthy level of debt right ? without debt our economy could never progress
yes , but after some nice spring weather it turned snowy . must be loki playing tricks .
also , animals and robots should be fair game .
english is my first language but i ca n ' t spell things right
til ; i had figured that there would more of a privacy component by law .
is this your first year watching f1 ?
thank you , i am actually considering making a game out of it , just based on how great people have been about the art
even i did n ' t give a fuck , because everything was very shiny under medication . only afterwards did i start to wonder if i was really okay with not fitting in my clothes any more .
i also see a green engram .
i get that . i am as well . most people get upset though . once you ' ve seen the set work you ca n ' t go back .
if the alternative is that they end up thinking like you do , i think i ' ll be fine .
ill look into it . sounds like a fun time .
because with a head start they can beat the shockwave .
in what way is it better , other than minute weight and size savings ?
try middle school .
going to check this out on my way home from work today . seems like something i would enjoy !
this is south louisiana . that ' s a big ass lizard , bro .
you ' d want a nice flat surface to hit a nail with . a claw peen hammer would be a claw on one side and a smallish curvy bit on the end . not as forgiving as the face of a hammer is .
probably a bad idea considering almost all ymca ' s have a no dunking policy unless it was a league game . he could have been forced to pay for that .
care to elaborate ? seriously what ' s wrong with you ?
no , her nips are too small to be connie . i think her hair is also red .
he is talking about upgrades available through xur , not the purchasable weapon . learn to read .
pm me your address , i promise to stalk you . i mean , i will send a letter soon .
yep - if you want to replace armour with clothes you could indeed enchant all of your items with a shield spell . alternatively raise your alteration high enough to cast your own shield spells .
lol i could care less if a guy did it , i just have trouble keeping still even when my girlfriend massages me . on my back .
can i use rubbing alcohol from publix ?
it sounds like a good idea , but how big is an ice cube ? like a tablespoon ? i ' ve never really needed a tablespoon of stock before , even in a sauce .
well it ' s told from the point of view of a soldier that was very nationalistic .
i can take the good with the bad . i ' m just glad i touched your heart .
you ca n ' t learn any martial art at home . besides , the effectiveness of tai chi for self - defense is questionable under the best of circumstances .
fair enough . it is my 2nd favorite past time .
one really fast guy wo n ' t beat centuries of combat prowess in my opinion . he ' d have to land that punch first .
where do you buy those ? is that a bbq sauce ?
i guess being dead is pretty normal . we all spend a lot more time dead than alive , after all .
at this point i do n ' t think he can even swim . he just likes trying .
the thing that gives me a little giggle about the ss was how brad pitt ' s character made sure to personally shoot every ss he saw in the movie fury .
you can call it splitting hairs . everyone else call it reading comprehension . maybe that ' s why you ' re poor ?
and some science series ama ' s !
there ' s metal in glass pipes ?
i would n ' t feel satisfied being rewarded with an achievement in this fashion .
i have no idea why this comment has been down voted !
if it had n ' t been him , it would have been someone else . that person was always inside him .
we will have to simply ride the storm , there is no other way .
it ' s so much more effort to not be fat though ? i just do n ' t get it . it takes much more effort to go make or get food than it takes to sit around not making or eating food .
did n ' t you watch the video ? a thunderstorm wipes out the white house on the end !
searched to find this because i knew someone must have said it already . have an upvote .
i generally fill it right to the top , i ca n ' t give you an exact measurement tough
basically 18650 ' s . someone ' s post the few days ago showed them switching out the original battery for one of their own .
i reckon you will around mid game , you ' re going to run out of easy expansion .
i think we need to see some pictures . make a post somewhere and reap in the karma .
i ca n ' t even sell it without feeling guilty .
yep . only reason i put in blood - looking was because that man thinking it was blood had me laughing
i ' d rather have a bit more flooding than all the fucking mosquitos .
i googled it after , they can swim up to 13 miles an hour , guess it was nothing for him
it ' s not wembley stadium , it ' s the arena which is a lot smaller .
i think the guy meant the ice bucket challenge .
too bad once you cook it any carbonation will escape .
except dade is playing the worst he has ever played . the better example would be spirit , who is playing pretty well but the lanes are not doing enough on their own to succeed .
stop , stop . i can only get so erect .
oh man , that sucks ! in the atlanta area they ' re tons of them because nobody drives stick down here and they just sit on the lots for weeks .
who knows . the man who told the story is probably dead .
today ' s wow is piss easy even without heirlooms .
and i would argue it ' s not . humans primary motivation is happiness which comes from a variety of factors in life one of which obviously is finding a mate but so are plenty of other things .
the mana drain yeah , but i still do n ' t see how magic immunity prevents giant cogs from blocking your path .
my , gv and cell are different . i do not want to give up either number .
gluttony is one of the seven deadly sins . homosexuality i assume is just a regular run of the mill sin .
in the context of blizzard they came out and said that titan just did n ' t feel fun to play . not because the devs could n ' t meet deadlines .
so guilty until proven innocent is your argument . i think you would like russia .
i went over there for the first time this year and really liked it , they have some great trails .
well most people ca n ' t afford to go to a steakhouse where it will cost 200 bucks for two people
was thinking this too lmao , easy to just keep adding x ' s to the right hand side .
she just aint fit for president and has nothing to do with her sex . i hate that feminism will reach a boiling point during the run - offs to paint many of us as hating on hilary for her gender .
i think some old people just do n ' t give a fuck anymore .
i hope to god that you ' re a guy .
cheetah ' s move fast because their muscles are super powerful and lean . lean , powerful muscle is dense as fuck .
i did this before too , but friends were close by . i do n ' t think they saw . i was very horny back then .
brooks loves every pick . a team could draft my 89 year old grandmother from a retirement home and he ' d like it
same way as the buses . click the line while in the transit overlay .
it ' s just luck . no one found and raided our base for the first 2 - 3 weeks the game was out .
i visited san francisco . why is there so much poop ?
yeah i would pick the spider . i fucking hate cockroaches !
nor is it a self - fulfilling prophecy . that term does n ' t make sense here .
i know right ? do parents just do everything until their kid turns 18 now ? i had to clean up my own stuff . i ca n ' t even imagine what my mom would do if i did this .
according to the news story , it sounds like just one meal .
kung - lao has possibly the hardest combo in the game to perfect . i think its something like 1 , 1 , 2 , 1 , 1 , 2 but its ridiculously fast
this a completely ridiculous statement . crime happens everywhere , yes more so in some areas . i for one would rather have a chance to defend myself and family .
ya i ' m sure wonder woman is going to be the best screenplay written since chinatown .
how big do they get and what tank size do you recommend ?
was marginally insane ? haha they still are . but at least they ' ll have some sort of basis to form their opinions on rather than blindly hurling uneducated insults .
i know . rather annoying .
i eat carbs and have lost 55 pounds . i did start out on keto , but switching back to carbs has n ' t made the weight loss slow down at all . calories , broseph .
not accurate at all . if all of your teachers seemed like assholes , you are the asshole . now , go brush your teeth .
it was poppy tea , not actual opium .
does she have a sister named tiffany ?
and this is why people , especially younger ones feel like voting is useless . they keep making the system less and less about what the people actually want .
it matters to a lot of people though . it ' s important in my life i know the answers to where we came from and thankfully through science i do .
if you drive a car you probably support saudi arabia too .
that ' s why you see lowered guys swerve on pot holes . my honda is stock height and i still swerve on em . the pot holes here in ma are stupid after the winter we just had .
it looks to be oriental , i ' m not experienced enough to determine the sex . i ' m a hobbyist bug lover . i ' m sure someone with more experience will come along shortly .
i got to cover it with some buddies at a show once , so fun to play on stage
do as much as you can on your bucket list , who knows what ' ll happen ? you might live an extra year or something .
and you do n ' t think that is at all is influenced by the fact that the south is overwhelmingly more black than any other part of the country
looks like my mic will work . i ' m getting feedback over the headset . apparently ds2 chat works automatically so i guess i ' m good to go . gunna go see if it works in pvp
then i assume your canadian school taught you at some point that the absence of evidence is not the evidence of absence , and you understand why this questions line of reasoning extremely flawed .
oh thank god it was n ' t just me who thought that .
it ' s imgur . we are displaying their webpage , and we do n ' t control the ads there . can you tell me a specific gallery it is happening on ? i ' ll alter them once again .
and cocoa butter .
so go totally blue pill ?
no it ' s estonia source : am latvian
the trick is that it ' s not a trick . this is the devil ' s work .
i expect a close game this year !
i live close to home . i was so shocked when i saw that episode .
if maxwell bats at 5 , australia are not going to win the world cup .
well , when i think of bill cypher , i always think screaming heads and deer teeth . must be fun .
i do that too . but he was in the background and not really on the phone so i ' m not sure if i woulda been able to enforce that .
i felt the opposite , i think john goodman looked great compared to how he looked in red state . i thought i was going to see him die on screen in red state .
those hawaii teams were so fun to watch though , my god . if only an nfl offense could make it work !
just get it all over at once with midget stripper parade so big you can see from your private jet .
i think led running lights are this generations popup light .
just in this instance in mexico , i ' m not talking about the oldest in general in the world .
why do you recognize the smell of bum jizz ?
is his hand not just behind his leg ?
well , they are lucky too , then . it ' s the smallest dose they make , and has no effect on a lot of people .
yeah i ' ve been in contact with red cross and they ' re giving me a lot of assistance which i absolutely appreciate i ' ve gotten some decent clothes
i actually leveled up dead orbit and subjected myself to crucible for way too many hours just to get arc deviant gravity . it was worth it .
i found that to be the comical part of the whole experience when reviewing the footage .
you do n ' t care about fashion sense right ? so how do you feel about fedoras ?
certainly a good idea , you should meditate every day and not dex every day . but sometimes it ' s awesome to try something new . both are great experiences , just different . do n ' t hate .
that makes a lot of sense , thanks .
lots of square ones and triangular ones where i am .
that is actually a good idea . while i tend to enjoy the risk of loss , having something that is post - 20 - 40 minutes of gameplay would really increase my enjoyment .
no i have n ' t played that game
borrow unless you want to buy . just send something around his lps . not going to split hairs .
that ' s very interesting , had not thought of that . thanks for the idea .
hopefully booster gold will be part of the cast and we ' ll get some shenanigans going .
some escalators stop to become stairs with weird and bad steps , their distance is off , but just enough that you ca n ' t walk up fast . fuck , why ca n ' t they just have stairs ?
i live in san fernando as well . there are only commons available at every retail . the walmart stores are so dry .
income tax for neymar actually .
how do you follow the road ? it ' s very similar .
you have an idea what you want your actual field to be more specifically ?
thank you - it seems exactly what i was thinking but i could ' t understand why something so obvious would be made out to be such a big deal .
you know , i never saw the movie . was it challenging , or you just talking the subject matter ? the book is amazing .
add me we can talk , it is easier
awesome . post some pictures of what you put your decal on too !
does he live in west virginia ? because i ' d be hesitant to believe your story if he does .
how many points do you need to get a level 3 path ?
this does n ' t have anything to do with race , it ' s about banks exploiting the hopes of poor people .
it ' s people who do n ' t use clones . i do n ' t understand why people associate that with elitism .
it ' s england , the america ' s and i think australia .
it provides a nice middle ground between arse and cock - juggling thunder cunt .
i know . i was just letting him know that he might want to verify that it is indeed the wood that is advertised .
copy that . drink for mission accomplished
i play sports so i have a pretty good metabolism , maybe 3 days ? im gonna be honest , when i come home from practice some days and i ' m hungry , i do n ' t even glance at what i ingest lol .
duff ? damn ugly fat friend ? like the kind that some average - looking girls keep around to make them look better ?
that does n ' t have a term . it ' s just called the jungler coming and cleaning up . refer to my other comment down below .
i wonder how many different casey ' s you can find along i - 70 edit : also what state is this talking about ?
the humidity there is pretty much tangible and almost unbearable , i could at least escape it by going inside . could n ' t imagine having to fight a war in it .
more like a bullet to the face . fuck that traitor , we were supposed to go big time man !
checking trucks on his break might get a mate to his flat , though .
yup , there it is . and i knew it when i watched this first time , just was n ' t picking it up from the timestamp link for some reason .
then it would be appropriate for this person .
dude . it ' s not .
where can i find up to date info on the ukraine issue ? i feel like major news outlets have not conveyed this .
hell , you can go around them on the right in this case . do n ' t even have to merge into traffic .
you ca n ' t discuss crime rates or what you think is happening in that regard . where on earth did i say race ?
nepotism ? it ' s plain pure corruption . hire friends - of - christie , get massive contract . this was pay - to - play .
pm me your email address please and i ' ll have a gift card from pizza hut emailed to you .
a system which totally sucks , actually .
he died doing something that left his pieces for someone else to pick up . other poster had a right to state what he thought , that ' s what this is for .
yeast exists in the air . you can start a sourdough starter with just water and flour .
the lean culture usually mixes lean with quality herb . most opiates are just too overbearing with herb . the lower strength opiate is easier to tolerate .
personally i thought that part where he rolled the ball on the ground and it went in was the funniest part , but i understand if you might have missed it .
nope . no tag at all .
you should have your mastery . it gives rewards thw instant you win not after victory screen
cbs has eric rowe at 31 on their big board , just so you know . he is heating up in the media ' s rankings .
ugh . constantly changing elevation levels suck so bad but i agree with you ; a little pain means progress !
if you were a millionaire celebrity i think you ' d accept people randomly taking pictures of you as one of the side - effects lol
not related , but my brother - in - law once told me that some of us citizens he met while he was there thought that bali is an usa region .
try to focus on looking out the window next time . staring at the panel makes people get dizzy at first .
yeah , i guess since i ' m not rich i should n ' t have an opinion .
i once drove my car into the shop and apparently that made him mad and killed me , and he kind of got mad every time i tried to go into the store to rescue my car
this is true , an odd little gun that was
holy fuck man ! how are you now ?
it would slow them with its aura , which would technically count as having cc on it , giving them a damage boost if they too were using it , even at range
the sheath ? that could work too , i guess .
if your rep is treating it as no big deal , find a new var . as a sales rep , there are larger deals and smaller deals , but a deal of this size any rep should be happy and excited about .
holy shit i can never tell my fiancee this or she will never stop wanting it .
from our perspective , on the part of muslims arguing with christians on who ' s magic man is more real they could n ' t seem more the same from that bigger picture of it .
how are the pels misusing him then ? he ' s the main ball handler , even when holiday is playing .
how ' s the beginner areas ? need to drag my husband but he is not confident at speed yet but would be nice if there was something long - ish to ride for me to be bored on while he falls down .
good point . i think it would be easier to add it into the advanced options menu with the soldier reticle customization so you ' re not adding anymore clutter to the soldier customization screen .
yes but it looks as though it only needs to fire once .
more like make money renting them out with airbnb like the rest of the apartments in the city .
oh , god
he broke the jp game , which is irrelevant to me since i play primarily na .
i agree . i think basketball players should be able to choose between college and the draft when they are done with high school . but we likely have seen the end of that .
hum . then the rating system ' s a bit strange , if you ask me . still do n ' t know how hatred got rated ao . do we even know if it did ?
that is in - system only quantum drive travel , . 2c speed , the closest thing we have to warp
my kids do not see reading as a punishment . they enjoy both and that is why they lose both if they are being punished .
wife is 5 months pregnant with our second . its fascinating watching her develop and she looks super hot when pregnant . combination of the curves is devastating .
i think you make a good point . private school is a luxury . i mean your kids might disagree that wearing that ugly blazer or the mass they have to attend is n ' t a luxury .
i think most fill bottles with carbonated beer . grab a belgian beer and you ' ll probably see as much yeast as your homebrew .
the next two games are a home - away series between new orleans and okc . tomorrow night in nola , friday night in okc . i ' m already nervous .
jesus , my ass is already crying for help
oh please , give me a break , you would open that shit up once a week and give her a good go at it .
to be fair he was n ' t very good on the spurs or bucks either .
dixie is n ' t too bad anymore , well high school teams now at least .
legalization is getting so much momentum . and it ' s gonna be hard to stop it .
i ' ve already punched him in the face , so he ' s now hostile when i step through his mist .
because , at least for me , it starts to feel one sided . if all i wanted was companionship , i ' d get a dog . i want a partnership .
with debian i can enter a bug or go on one of the mailing lists . that generally gets an initial response within a day max . i have n ' t used ubuntu in years .
as the eyes are intact , i ' m thinking that ' s more plausible .
thanks , although i have to disagree with you about the wing . i think it brings the whole car together .
do you like robinson over guys like bill russell and hakeem ?
how long would you recommend ? a year ?
irish soda bread made in an irish grandmother ' s kitchen by an irish grandmother is better .
he ' s our doctor , you ' re our detective . keep up the good work , guys .
they ' re probably just still in the planning phase of taking us over . or playing the long game and killing us slowly with their farts .
he only played one college year though .
you ' re right . the wider blade of the plug is neutral , and he has it connected to line .
lol i wanted to do a condom story too , except instead of them expiring i was going to have his mom visit or something and norman throws them out because he feels scared she might find them
sent , have fun with your new snow queen
really does n ' t take long . you can run through it in less than 10 minutes usually .
everytime i check my inventory for anything i use one .
oh yeah ! back when trivial pursuit was real popular , my friends made up special rules that only applied to me , to make it harder for me to win .
africa , india and south east asia . not just malaria but other local diseases . it prevented the whites from eliminating the local population and settling . read guns germs and steel .
well we did play against each other in the 2002 fiesta bowl . i think it ' s funny we played alabama in the 2007 independence bowl and how we went in completely different directions from there .
what peaked my curiosity was his submission to a shitty sub ; looked to see what kind of person submitted those kinds of offensive views and viola ! it was a slow day at work ; what can i say .
but there are only three to clear . the rest are bluetooth , idk , silenced phone , alarm , wifi , network , battery and time .
what part of your body do you use to build a sail boat ?
deadly , stay out of their way and accept its your fault and they have a king ? i thought they were ruled by whichever moose had the biggest antlers or something
the scene where she removes her makeup is amazing , it really shows how she uses makeup to transform herself from this damaged little girl to a high - powered woman every day at her job .
no for not standing up to his parents , taking the test and shoving it in their face and then cutting them out .
or its saying we only have a few things to depend on and we should enjoy when we can . in the entire book the writer only says that we have those things to enjoy .
utility over power , or you just thought it was cooler ?
great idea , i never thought of using that as a work around . thanks !
how about option 3 . pick a realistic release date
more like a creepy uncle that insisted on watching the birth live .
that ' s exactly my point , all those things people call marxism today has nothing to do what marx wrote about .
god your head is shoved so far up your own ass . tell me , what ' s it like being able to chew your food twice ?
walk into the club like what up , i got a big nose seriously though seeing this made my day , i have a big nose and i ' m super insecure about it
cock hair !
you seem like a cool guy man .
exactly . to me , a cow , pig , or chicken is no different or worthy of life and respect than a dog or a cat . i would absolutely never consider eating the family dog after it died .
oh man , was it along the lines of whatever you did would be known by the person across town in under a day ? i feel like that would bother me the most .
i personally think the sound is rad .
solid . thanks .
he was the one leader of the lannister guards sent to take her when shit went down in king ' s landing . she ' ll recognize him . he may not recognize her .
this would be the appropriate behavior , but i see guys do this all the time . even worse are the guys who will walk up to a group of three empty urinals and choose the middle one .
this could very well be the reason . settlers prevent city growth as their being built .
never found the save actually , so i used the one mentioned above .
how would this work if the officer , say , leaves the car , what kinds of triggers do they have for on foot ?
we really had a lot of fun . i need to get in to milk bar and hang out . so many good ppl out that night .
idk man , if i order something it usually gets sent within 2 weeks max to where i live .
mcdonalds have touch screens , so no keyboard at all , it ' s only this one device that serves off drive through orders and monitors serving times that has actual switches .
you have no idea how much money i would spend on a mercury action figure or thanatos scythe .
then when you got the car back after his dad had been using it it ' d be full of cocaine
it would n ' t have to be teleported . they could ship it , and make you wait 24 hours for it to get there . nobody using this functionality would mind having to wait a little while .
ohhh . dude you have to sleep with them first . that ' s what the bar is for . then if you like them , or just even want to get your dick wet you text them up .
i ' m seriously considering running away for an hour or two to hunt for us .
luckily the dog is on year round anti - worms medicine .
sounded like the thin red line ost at one point .
and you leap towards them because you did your 3 in the wrong stance and they abuse the fact that you have no escape .
lol sail away on that breeze .
i think a car like a mustang attracts tools that like to think they have giant penises . especially those early 2000 models
for me it was . i do n ' t watch that many series , so i ' m stuck thinking that they ' ll always pull through somehow .
how many keys would you consider it ? other people are saying he should add .
i think that depends on a strain and the initial mood . while indica - heavy strains make people more introvert , sativa - heavy do exact opposite .
the color is less important - brown bears have a hump and black bears have cuter ears .
why ? so that when an avalanche comes it can destroy it too and carry off the debris . even if reinforced that is going to be a crazy hard thing to build strong enough .
was le in the matte lip collection unfortunately , but it was gorgeous !
well , that is my head cannon now .
good to know , thanks man !
oh my days ! that ' s it ! thank you so much . i ' ve probably wondered what this was since i played it when it came out .
he is not an unique character .
it comes from the same vein - blood pumping fear
it ' s pretty amazing !
nope no primer , just a few layers to show the color
i have frivolous aside , but have n ' t tested it out yet ! it sounds super girly .
i ' m just glad i do n ' t really play ranked anymore , them placements put me on permanent tilt toward ranked .
good point .
true but then you can just punish the shit out of the trapper and other hunters for getting ballsy like that , rank 3 kraken hits hard my friend .
does she have a dark tail ?
i ' ve been trying to get into linux , i guess this would be as good of a time as any !
read his post - he ' s saying the planet as a whole is nowhere near capacity and he ' s absolutely correct .
if i had penile or testicular cancer , then i would n ' t mind people asking about my junk as much because that seems like a genuine concern for my health .
a match made in hell for jets fans : a team that dominates third periods vs a team that likes to lay back in the third .
i can see miami , indianapolis and minneapolis being a larger void . ca n ' t see st . louis , nor vegas , nor san antonio .
just burn the house down and make it look like an arson or insurance scam . that way the heat is off him and nobody will ever find his dirty little secret .
campus pd , michigan state university
best part of stage crew . also sound booth
oh hell yes they deserve jail as well , i was just writing about the person that i consider to be the worst .
good point . also op , you forgot the first rule of cloning . if you clone a dead person , you ' ll just get another dead person . this is the reason we ca n ' t clone dinosaurs .
nope . you can turn the sides to show any day of the year .
i have chase . they treat debit cards like cash . no protection .
yup . its a slow process , as i want to get it right and am still deciding on breeds .
the ones at my college either dry way too hot or not at all . i ' m paying ungodly amounts to go here , i ' d like to at least be able to do my laundry
meh , i have no interest in competing as it stands , but thanks ! i definitely want to get to the point where i look ripped in normal settings .
i thought burnout paradise was only fun for the motorcycles . why did you ruin burnout , ea ?
why a lot of people ?
none , because isis are n ' t actually muslims . they ' re just assholes who use religion as an excuse to make themselves feel like they ' re not actually insane
this made me laugh way too hard .
does he have a unique card and is that the only time you can play him ?
i could as well . but i choose to let my chickens die of old age because i can just eat something else instead .
it was a work party , i was fired shortly after and sadly never saw him again .
everyone is different , but weed usually makes people more anxious , including myself . before i smoke , i have to clear my head and make sure i ' m in a positive state .
gotta find some way for them to engage socially though so they dont become shut - ins .
i used a british card with the us shipping thing to buy cc and subscription . it does work
the issue is n ' t the existence of sentience but your sentience vs your copy ' s sentience .
he could also just call since the card is still active ? i might be worth it for a first try . then a follow - up letter if that does n ' t work .
do you have a link by chance ?
i did . no record . according to the internet , the guy does n ' t exist . he is an alias of his 55 - year - old father ' s .
i do n ' t really remember the pizza there , what ' s it like ?
i feel you , man .
i got in two office games in a row last night , even when i was searching for every other map .
i just saw some at my local bottle shop , gonna pick some up as soon as there is a nice day
totally an anxiety thing . i went to pluck one problem hair and just could n ' t stop .
calling his daughter a thoughtless pig , and making gay slurs . i ' m sure he does n ' t like the paparazzi either , but it ' s more about how he deals with his anger .
did you even read the article you linked to ? cause i did . it was helpful to my case , thank you .
whole thing is kind of a snarky android fanboy post .
he plays the heel role so well in progress . inspires some great chants . not quite dar levels of greatness , but they crack me up .
the whole car , then . everything must go .
there would be more money if there were fewer feds .
not true ! charles taylor ' s son raymond rewarded me for helping him hold on to his exiled dads money while he completed a transaction .
they were great pre - funds and also are still good if you have a permanent mun station .
so why does every supermarket in the western world make a distinction ? you ca n ' t find fish in the meat dept or vice versa . what do butchers do ? sell meat . do butchers sell fish ? no .
they do . but maybe in his mind the last wish of his dying sister is more important than his wedding vows ? we ' ve gotta keep in mind these are fictional characters we ' re talking about here
yeah man , weed is le coolest xd
great thanks !
have you tested them to make sure they work ? are you still within the return period with the retailer ?
mentally he is normal . just this weird twitch . he does it a lot though , not just when resting .
we train our soldiers better than our police , also there ' s some international regulation regarding the treatment of enemy combatants .
well we live in france , i wonder if those exists on our side of the atlantic ?
i usually just list guys up for a day and hope they sell or i can get a trade for them .
been there bro . i am a hell of a sous but totally tanked on my first restaurant chef gig . it is what it is , i sure as fuck wont next time !
i realize that it ' s a genetic thing , but not liking cilantro would be a deal breaker for me .
and the extra profit is basically meaningless to them , as they will still get paid the same .
link ? i ' ve never seen an all white colorway that you did n ' t have to customize .
i never experienced a spurt when having a nose bleed .
so it ' s your fault i used to have to spray and bleach our parking lots from the bum piss !
hey , now i can say i went to canada ! i did n ' t even need a passport !
what ' s the point ? so you suppose he would enjoy tearing up psv ' s defense first season back there ?
your body apparently just really hated your pancreas out of nowhere . maybe it owed money ?
it ' s also so you do n ' t slip and break your neck .
that ' s awesome ! my so took a while but eventually accepted it once he realized i prefer the dollar menu over fancy restaurants , lol
try talking to actual girls in real life . maybe you ' ll see some boobs then someday and do n ' t need to rant about not seeing some tits on screen .
i feel like i should n ' t have to point out that previously is the key word here .
that ' s not a damn compliment then and rock the fuck on for defending yourself !
well he ' s only scheduled for 5 right now so there ' s 2 more he could still race . i doubt they ' d put him in another car until he ' s been scheduled for all 7
yes actually , that ' s true . a baker friend of mine actually makes her pastry in a metal bowl that she puts in the freezer .
thanks will definitely keep that in mind for next time . especially if sunday goes well .
figured it out . i play on ps3 . those animals do n ' t appear on that version .
dude ! your dad is going to bang your mom on your bed !
i do n ' t get why the men do n ' t have those socks but the women do , maybe jk did n ' t like them
oh , yeah . i forgot about that fight . that was pretty awesome . now , i wanna rewatch soul eater . good thing i have the bd !
roa is fine tbh , but you dont have to spam spells on minion waves . diana have really low cost mana spells , so if you just have flask and you dont spam nonstop for no reason you should be fine .
possibly , but somehow i get the idea that the boots alone would n ' t work as effectively without the suit .
yeah its grown on me , was n ' t bad for a 100 pound board found in a back - ally shop
i played around 240 games , but most of my profit comes from selling players overnight and buying them cheaper .
really any flavor except shrimp . i personally do n ' t think seafood flavoring goes well with peanut butter , but just my preference . my favorite is oriental .
there were a few games in lpl , but it ' s very rare . i imagine tsm , in case they lose this game , is going to put bjergsen on a hard carry again next game .
i ' m pretty sure that ' s a corn snake , so they do n ' t have fangs . i think they barely have teeth .
well yeah , nobody gets buried in their every - day clothes . horns are strictly viking sunday best .
he took a month to reply last time . it ' s been 22 days since he replied . you have to wait another 8 days for an answer .
oh , i had thought it was past that in complexity and difficulty . i ' m going to the library to return my books this weekend ; perhaps i ' ll grab a linear algebra book then .
what , you think it ' s a coincidence that afro - caribbean cultures have produced so many world class limbo - ers ?
i agree but i ' ll always be partial to the selfie . i just like the feel and they ' re what makes gw so great .
what is the difference between a state trooper , a county sheriff , and local police ?
i dont think aches would play with killa .
i ' m calling it now , it will be part of a paid dlc to come !
cool , thx !
no we use reports in order to bring things to our attention . then we read them and remove the shitty ones .
close to the middle of the state . randall
that ' s been a huge problem for awhile . but people are going to upvote the crap to the front .
yes at first i sleep a lot better , then i get really sexual dreams . but i look at that as a necessary detox step !
does the law apply to other governments ? because she ' d be considered that .
oh completely . and i plan to throw a water block in there eventually
wow i did n ' t even know it was my cake day . march 10 . will note that down . thanks dude .
he was a free - agent , but he signed a contract a week or so ago .
thanks ! i ' ll try to do an ink review down the road .
i think they should take the idea much further , and have this something that is done from inside of a station , and does n ' t interact with actual eve space .
no word . personally i do n ' t expect it until the fall , though .
at least it was really fun to build merchants and watch as they provided more and more income as they leveled up on those damn fine wine , gold , chocolate , tobacco and glass trade resources .
i am in full agreement with you . i was explaining the knife to op . i merely mentioned you so that op could see the video you posted below here .
each armor piece requires 21 radiant shards , so it would be a while .
damn - i mean , the risks are high , but if i did that for a short while , i could fund my entire university costs easy .
all three races are like that . the entire game of starcraft is like that , which makes it one of the most interesting games to watch and play .
ofc school does n ' t get cancelled in the south
should i care ?
thanks ! i do quite a bit of ab work . mostly cable crunches , planks . and leg raises . other than that it ' s all just low body fat . i ' m surprised i am not sick of chicken and broccoli yet !
he seemed calm a moment ago , playing it short for the first time iirc . maybe brendan had a word during the break .
when will this be available in canada ? is there already a service like that out there ?
police officers get guns in countries with no right to arms . in fact that is one of the points of the second amendment .
women do n ' t generally have a growth spurt at 16 . most of them are very close to their adult height at that point .
i can ! yes , that ' s the ring nebula right below the orange line . the teal , orange , and red lines are the lights on the wings and tail of the plane that flew over .
amsterdam is so lovely even the tourists ca n ' t ruin . source : i live in amsterdam .
hey , i made black beans and chorizo for lunch today , some hot sauce is great .
it ' d be better with whoever did his voice in the pets rt recap .
how are the holding people back in your opinion ?
haha that might work out i dont know . im going to try the interview not all baked though lol .
that shocked me . i never thought they ' d kill off franks , i thought for sure he ' d be a recurring character until ncis ended .
i use it , just not on my smartphone , i have my work desktop , a tablet etc . i was showing that a smartphone is a shitload more than an internet relay . it ' s a useful tool in itself .
i ' m already doing these , i just hate the idea that i ca n ' t go to the gym or classes until they are totally fixed , i want to get out there while i have the get up and go !
really ? what problem ? i ca n ' t recall ever seeing dandruff in my hair but nothing ' s wrong as far as i can tell .
i did have a class on taxes but it was horribly tought .
this is a great f ' n comment . love it . thanks for reading ! your stories are some of the best on here .
better question : why would you ever eat a gyro at a 5 am bar
just do n ' t play against level 9 ' s . besides their reaction time they have perfect di so they are n ' t realistic
and in 2 years : what ' s big chilly rome doing in the impact zone ?
i have one comment there . lemme go see what else happened
i always do this when smoking kief or hash , or just really finely ground weed .
how much did asm cost you ?
marksman has a cooldown in rapid fire . survival has zero cooldowns of any kind . marksman has kill shot for an execute . survival has no executes .
you ' re adding something . god explaining his plan , which he ' s not doing . so i still do n ' t see your point .
i mean , i ' m not picking it , but i could see north florida pulling it off . i ' d be more confident if they did n ' t have to play in just to face duke .
stings a bit then it feels great . no lube required when you have your own blood .
they ' re still in south america .
yup . i make sure to distinguish if recommending multi - gpu cards , but for the most part , it does n ' t really matter .
i did try but i think i have the last model of the dreamcast and non of the games seen to boot i even tried making a utopia boot disc .
in which context do you mean ? regardless , if you ' re going to kill yourself you ' re usually going to do it alone so this is n ' t related to the question at hand .
that must mean the night king is matt damon .
do n ' t worry , the water will push it back in .
chuckle ? i full on lost it at that
summoning makes the game so stupidly easy , you are n ' t really even playing it . so it ' s good to not use summons .
took like what ? a month ?
i never tried it , but according to the guy on the thread it sounds great . posted a link
i thought you said leonardo dicaprio and i was so confused .
lmao i thought you meant just crushing it with your hands .
the problem is it was already the law . the other issue is people will avoid getting help because they will lose one of their fundamental rights .
those prisoners were sure as hell fed like kings then !
commenting on mobile so i can come back and try to find a video of the fielding .
if you start with a quality plant they are pretty easy to keep in bloom for months , i ' ve had one going since christmas .
hamlet was really good . my favorite shakespeare play to this day though is still merchant of venice
so far , i ' ve really loved this crowd . it ' s a lot better than some of the recent crowds .
i ' d like a source , if you have one . nothing i ' ve seen googling it has shown that result . not doubting you , i just ca n ' t find the credentials .
i ' m starting to think that splitting texas off into its own country might be a good idea .
up voted you . it ' s futile i know . apparently it ' s leftist to be against the policies and agenda of a corrupt former kgb operative who was employed by a totalitarian government .
til koi colored betta fish exist ! i looked it up on google because i was n ' t sure if you were joking . beautiful !
i do n ' t want to sound like a dick but do you have any examples of mj not being a jerk ? like you mentioned , the only notable ones are the bad ones .
because there is obviously no greater sin . remember kids : do n ' t stick your dick in crazy !
how come you stopped ? i ' ve only tried it a couple of times so far but can see the appeal ! i also figure having awareness of body position and posture will be useful for paintball too .
fuck off , fatty . banned .
i ' m actually fighting back tears at work . this kind of shit wrecks me like nothing else .
slavic women man . you gotta watch for that .
at the start of the game the home team comes out of a giant inflatable beer can . they ' ve got it figured out .
i am entitled as a citizen to donate as much as i want to candidate . it ' s not bribery . it ' s called freedom of speech . i do n ' t think you understand what the term bribery means .
i ' m schizophrenic . i have lots of different emotions , but the hardest part is none of them feel real . i can never tell when what i feel is genuine or not .
fair enough . i still do n ' t see why it ' s cringe for her to be excited about a turn out she thinks is large , is it some sort of vague political cringe ?
how can you keep them true while you ' re on the move ?
i think they originally just collected it because it was so dangerous left alone . but using it to keep the homeworld gems away would be a good reason to finally use it .
neat ! thank you !
definitely take this with a grain of salt , but i read somewhere that they were going to go full - willow with caitlin and killer frost , so that could be a season unto itself .
i do n ' t think i ' ll be able to do it right now . all my other guys are way over the price . only other thing i thought was kane and duchene but there ' s a very large difference
manipulating a psychopath to commit crimes is just as bad as forcing a naturally normal person to commit crimes .
unlikely from this resolution . but maybe it could sound like a 1980s robot .
i know right . this show makes a legal career seem exciting . like scrubs did for medical school .
material possessions can be replaced . people ca n ' t . i would n ' t knife someone over property , especially not someone else ' s .
i ' m sure there are more than 5 men in the military who are scum bags . maybe you should look into sexual assaults on women in the us military . it ' s fucking disgusting . real tough guys .
good thing she had a gun !
that ' s how it turns out when the mic is close to the gunfire .
thank you for your reply ! i have only bought 1 dlc for any of my 3ds games , so i was n ' t sure . sounds like i should download it to the system i use the most if i want to get my mewtwo on .
just save your money until you can afford to do it right . no sense being in a hurry and screwing things up .
or just eat it cold . cold spaghetti is the best .
i could n ' t agree more . she is , by far , my favorite video game villain of all time .
i just moved to denver last fall from minneapolis . high five
going from a sexist act accurately portrayed in a game to actually affecting real life people is a bit of a slippery slope .
we practice rescue drills constantly and we each wear a secondary air source on our backs just in case .
says you . i may have just found a new hobby .
rotate which part ? the ring that holds the button assembly into the case ?
she did n ' t commit treason .
wait shit i ' m thinking of the smelter demon , sorry my bad .
even more of a reason to do it ! maybe brown people will scare them enough to get vaccinations .
so you ' re saying there is no better implementation known to mankind , and there will never be for at least 100 years ? care to explain how you know this ?
you do n ' t convert a press man corner to safety
heart in mouth stuff so far this season , i hope we dont fuck up it would be a massive boost for the club .
man i need to connect to my german heritage . my family came here so long ago that we do n ' t have much of a cultural tie to it anymore .
people who do n ' t consider marshmallows and chocolate to be breakfast food .
i agree . they seem like they appreciate celebrity but probably not the kind that comes from this franchise !
i saw that . my point was , if they ' re good to their blue collar employees , they will as good to their white collar employees .
my childhood copy is so beat up and falling apart , but i ' ve never seen another copy and wo n ' t let it go . my mom used to read it to us all the time .
so you bitch about the lack of bicycle infrastructure , and then when its there , bitch about it existing . alright .
netherlands ? we are talking about the dutch here .
they ' re worse for french press than they are for most other brewing methods .
i know there ' s some that know quack fu .
that ' s what you do all the time ! you bother yourself exclusively .
i ' ve never heard a sadist , nor anyone straight for that matter , use the word sweetie before . patronizing me wo n ' t work my friend .
therefore i say unto thee , make like a tree , and get out of here unto zion
the automobile changed the way we live and travel drastically and grew entire industries around it . i do n ' t think being able to buy a single beef is a fair comparison .
ugh , yeah . it ' s pretty incredible that with all the ways to remove the beard , they went with an imp . hopefully he ' ll grow it again .
would you mind providing some more information about why ? that ' d make your comment much more useful .
it was clearly planned . the whole idea was for him to get hit in the nuts as he swung . the deep and sensual anal penetration was just an added bonus .
no , they ' re playing that every shot has to be a bank .
its really fun , but kind of insane sometimes . but its all worth it : d
who the fuck cares it ' s a bacon bouquet
capitalism is the problem and america leads the way for capitalism . essentially dragging america into any joys capitalism gives the rest of the world .
and an electric toothbrush . makes more sense in the cosmetic bag than a dremel ; however , i admire your creativity !
it is a statement of what someone believes . i think that is truth - apt in that it is either true or false .
it ' s going to be warmer next week though !
just shoot 3 times once you get to the top he will fall and die , then go back up to loot the body
and only cute kids . edit : or cute nuns , for that matter .
i ' d ask what the hell you ' re on about , but frankly i do n ' t give a shit right now . i just want to sleep . and not have homework . little bit of both .
i have a fuse tester , the fuses i figured were most important was the radio fuse on the inside dash , and the battery fuses inside the hood
that ' s because the map was forfeited not the round .
i swear that ' s in my fb feed daily , that and msg are some of the most researched food additives and there ' s still a big conspiracy about how terrible they are
conservatives were in charge of welfare reforms under the coalition , not the lib dems . they endorsed this .
a lot of people have some in a safe and some in another location for just the kind of scenario you mentioned above .
if your ancestors wanted a bunch of stuff to happen to you that you would prefer not to happen , who should we listen to ?
welcome to florida . the land of guns , beer , and pain pills . now featuring heroin in most areas !
wow grandma is into some kinky shit if she uses that fire extinguisher .
activate force field .
it ' s the antique loophole that is keeping the us ivory trade - second largest in the world - going strong .
hahaha . yeah i ' ve got all these super high powered devices and have n ' t gone over 50 . hell 33 . 3 is usually the highest i go .
you lucky bastard . i bet it even has my favorite scope .
well , i guess we know what your goal was when you asked him for the rd number , then .
you mean he wants to hold israel accountable for human rights violations and the illegal occupation of the west bank ? oh no
sure you can , it might catch on fire , but it can be done .
accredited and licensed by who ? belonging to which professional body ? a therapist is n ' t some rando that makes you feel better .
i had a protein shake , ate a chicken breast and just ordered a xl pizza . ca n ' t go wrong with pizza delivery
did you even read the link to the full text ? he ' s arguing completely within the context of the christian god and the presumption that he indeed exists .
ironically , such moles are a genetic thing in girls , closely associated with attractiveness . when you see a really gorgeous model , she likely has some of those moles .
christian armenian women .
you guys are diverse , what can i say ? thanks man ! glad you like it !
truly the best kind of bread .
ya interior work on a regular place can take a while , imagine a place like that with handmade this and custom that .
how does that app work ? is what you see based on your area ?
i hope someone can find out their information . i ' d be happy to donate some cash if their home was damaged from the fire .
this sounds like you only run a few plays and once they figured you out you collapsed .
can confirm tom brady is dreamy .
in fairness , a rat and a big muff kill most everything .
i would pay to see cro cop break some of rampage ' s ribs .
you do n ' t remember touching on this subject in sociology ?
rain gardens depend on the soil type . if it ' s all clay the water wo n ' t infiltrate .
thank you , i just pictured a bunch of ferrets in ties talking on cell phones about quarterly earnings and laughed out loud .
what are you basing this off of ? is it true they are harder to predict than normal matches ?
watch rando the great construct sets with his very mind !
because you still have to mine the generated cobble ? plus when i usually do it i do it in a slime chunk so i can easily make a slime farm too .
hey , super gracias , man . good luck on paper !
remember though , he suffered a serious injury in week 15 and was seen as a real long shot in week 16 .
my brother has these and says they are excellent but not for riding . the drivers stick out too far to stay in his ears when putting on his helmet . how big of a problem is this for you ?
til : i ' m a relatively great guy .
yes but most of it ' s damage comes from the w procs which are magic that scale with ad
are you implying pink mohawk needs life support ?
oh im not arguing against good ol charlie going anywhere i was just genuinely curious about receptions compared to one another .
i do n ' t wanna use my nice soap where i poop .
i for one have enjoyed our new fun loving , couch burning , coal mining friends . the distance sucks , but i like em .
you need hype in your life , brother
it fucking stinks , especially when its been sitting in the sun a while . maybe it ' s just me , but i ' d prefer my house not stink when i have company over .
tell me about tests in laboratory settings . what does mean highly effective ? examples ? and why are not effective in the field ?
it ' s okay i can wait
i ' ve been listening to the bullshit getting thrown around by conspiracy theorists with a victim complex hiding under the guise of mras .
fucking pussy ass bitch !
easy there guy you might drop your fedora .
to be fair , i really prefer camp washington chili , but it is a longer drive than i care for
put jfk ' s case finally to rest
alright , my apologies . i saw the part where he listed the adder as an explorer and i assumed he had never played .
i actually think heavy armor is quite useful in some situations , especially against lower caliber weapons and bolt action snipers . but then again , it really does depend on your gameplay .
a lady in the gents wc .
as a northerner living in the south , y ' all got jokes .
tyranny is still tyranny .
yeah , a lot of them around . i ' d really like a modern carrier - based sim though !
are there any other we can lop off that would improve quality of life ?
first grade cherries can have no defects and the stalk being removed actually exposes a hole which juice will leaks , basically its a plug to keep the juice in
is it a denim fedora ?
watching birdman in an empty theater was fun and kind of depressing .
i ' m not so sure the one under the table is a woman
not at all ! he ' s not benefited from criminal activity at all and right now he ' s just being wronged by chuck . not the birth of saul .
medicaid reimbursement rates are set by the states ; medicaid is run by the individual states with federal and state funds .
badge ?
actually , now they just get you to use the app . which sadly did n ' t work for me , for some unknown reason .
this is not technically proof since you ca n ' t prove a negative .
you too ? poor soul . i ' m so inbred i ' m my own dad .
i dont watch eu . why do people like him so much . also y did he leave ?
upvote for historical pedantry .
what is your general strategy when playing as aztec ?
if i every get caught by isis and they mean to execute me , i rather be taken out quick like this than get my head cut off or get lit on fire and burn to death . edit : stupid phone autocorrect
considering the small amount of jews in germany today . pretty happy i would think .
studying obligatory french and arabic is enough i guess .
exactly . big difference . might want to take a look at the new jim crow
i play guitar , so that might not work out so well
when you say tan , how dark are we talking ?
you did n ' t speak to me or know me , sorry man you ' re on your own
they really tie the room together .
hey vinny . wanna battle ?
with a clogged nose you ' d have to breathe through your mouth while you eat
i had the helicopter . pull the trigger on the handle and the blades spun . turtle power !
drinking any amount of melted butter to is horrifying . let alone to lose weight .
getting downvoted for wishing a clean game , just shows the mentality of your average chelsea supporter .
sweet grass is , for lack of a better description , kind of a good luck charm . it can be used as an offering or can be burned to ward off evil spirits , as can sage .
anthony bruno sr . fun fact , his son anthony jr started anthony ' s coal fired pizza .
ah yes its one of my favorites , its real challenging to give a description of it
hahaha . does n ' t take long !
congratulations , and you ' re very brave to be carrying the brunt of your pregnancy through the hottest part of the year ! i hope you have a great pool to float in .
dung beetles can fly , for sure , in places like africa , when an elephant drops a load , the swarm of dung beetles looks like an air force battalion !
yeah you will atleast play better and learn more yourself , if you mute ' em .
outplayed ? mate what match were you watching
that ' s latency , not low frequency . although , low frequency does also mean increased latency , but i do n ' t think 2 ms extra are noticeable .
yeah , let your identity get stolen and then they can pay off all your student loan debt .
no , most people in the game play unranked like in every single other game .
i mean , it is fine to be bitter , but at least recognize it and try to fix it . not an excuse to be an asshole to half the population by default . that place just gives men a bad name .
a fair trade ! we would like some rain for our plants , please !
viva la blue !
nope . they age at twice the normal rate all their lives .
currently working on armenian , which is just a beautiful language in that it has brought me incredible opportunities , greek , latin , and italian .
something tells me he would catch the bullet with his teeth , then chew it up and spit it out .
and he signed deep purple to his record label .
they are great with clocks .
i ' m still waiting on that list . in the meantime i ' ll be embarrassing hyper cars in a stock long block supra .
you are good . i added a blurb to the rules that guesses within the first week of the contest do not have to be 7 days out .
it ' s just a typical dress shirt , spread collar , slim fit . paisley would be the the design you ' d look for with it .
or apply lime around alkaline plants before you mulch each year .
all good things have to end but there is some massive , massive shoes that have to be filled
everything looks fine . i am no expert but i do n ' t really see any damage . it is actually quite clean and looks brand new inside .
hey simmons , what ' s the name of that mexican lizard that eats all the goats ?
is it possible that they think all guys have a small dick because any time they somehow convince a guy to go home with it that he ca n ' t get it up for a fatty ?
lmao actually ? i ' m gonna look for that video after work
still , there are some bugs which they wo n ' t fix , even if they do n ' t break the game anymore .
it ' s single din . i have one and its been great .
but they ' re less reliable and ca n ' t handle as much power .
this is fucking awesome . i never though i would watch a gif about evaporation to stare at a cat . 9 times over .
am just a youth leader . our youth pastor is happily married . and i am not .
they need to lock doors in jail , too .
well , not all of us . or , at least , not all of us need human attention . or well , not all of us need human attention from other people .
double paws yep , had a couple , it is quite popular in maine coon cats unfortunatly
if i had gold to give , you would have it my friend
thanks ! i had fun doing it !
i wish the x would start doing all the gopher chants , that ' d be unreal
atm i just tape mine to my desk , can you explain to me the differences if there are any ?
how could you possibly assure me of that ? sure seems to me that most men in those groups end up with a woman who is younger and hotter than the 1st wife .
yes , i basically have to work there for the rest of my life .
you wear leather do n ' t you ? you eat meat do n ' t you ?
oh fuck my life . i totally forgot about ci builds . rip this thread
yeah i am pretty sure it was made for john paul jones . that ' s the only time i ' ve ever seen it . could be wrong though .
but good research has this thing called data to back it up . and then when you look at the data that they collected you can double check to see if they ' ve been cherry picking or what have you .
like a bone spear necro ?
well duh put the tent up on a platform !
you sure ? i bought it once and it works on my 2 phones , 1 ipad , 2 laptops , and 1 mac .
with good food , usually that will get you set .
i do n ' t know if they still make them . i was lucky enough to not have mine tossed out by parents and my feet did n ' t grow . still got them puppies .
i love living here . but i think the next ten years for china are more downhill than up . i am planning to live elsewhere after a stint here .
because the normal course is to wait till after every trial for the media to start talking right ?
only total war game i have played was rome , but for what it ' s worth that sounds pretty awesome .
khedira is not that good tbh . had a good run , made real , then slowly faded while world class players around him were his crutches . i do n ' t think he ' s club top 20 any longer .
glad it ' s working remember the only dumb question is the question not asked . we all started as noobs at one point or another .
more power to you then ! but if you took anything past an introductory class that approach would start to hurt you , and fast .
touche , very good point . i always run them from here even though some of the stats on here dont really matter in the game .
will they strict pay scale start bothering alaba later on ?
hell yeah , a mountain lion will straight up murder you .
firefly was barely over 10 years ago .
no . current rosters and situations of each team are not to be considered . so mainly just perks of the city or franchise .
this is n ' t really that made up , it ' s just english without latin or french .
i ' d argue that no one has been cut from a movie that has n ' t started filming .
so same slightly rounded shape , just a bit thicker in the inner corner ? or would i square them off a bit ?
so captain ' s parrot should be a pirate too ? it ' s not a pirate , it ' s a beast that belongs to a pirate . it ' s not a pirate , it ' s a metal tube belonging to a pirate .
do i have to make a post that i ' m a free agent ? i plan on being picked up by a team shortly and do n ' t really want others to think i ' m going to join their teams
yep . porsche on chassis and all handling stuff . audi on power .
according to my dream interpretation analysis : you went to bed hungry .
a highway with three or more lanes .
i feel he should have continued trying to kill spirit there .
i laughed out loud for two reasons . 1 because that ' s hilarious and 2 because i realized as a lesbian who went to catholic school i have basically no knowledge of how the penis works .
kinda the point . act of valor was a huge us military training exercise montage edited down in to a movie .
no he is not . but i have your items let me know when gates are open .
do you think the producers of the show should purchase entire towns and then wait for the grass to grow so that a non - important detail like the grass can be addressed ?
indeed . hence his future in indiana jones . indy is j - son ' s father , j - son to quill , and quill to han solo .
stuff does n ' t expire ?
once i have bitcoin i do n ' t have to pay to use it . when i get paid bank credits aka fiat i need to withdraw it to use it as cash . added cost .
even then you ' re not sure . he ' s played in 63 games this year and started 41 of them . so he could be coming off the bench .
thank you . is there anything else like it with more space ? i think i remember cooler master having a similar one .
when i was an 11 year old , i think i was ghost - riding my bike more than real riding it .
and re : this , pk fire is incredibly punishable and ppl who are having a hard time vs . that move in particular could definitely benefit from learning the timing on it .
if we are a community it is by default .
lol ! i ' ll keep my fingers crossed that she tries to do a backflip off the bed .
it ' s also because they do n ' t form long - term memories until they ' re three . so they feel the pain , but they do n ' t remember it later on .
belief is n ' t a choice though . i ca n ' t choose to believe something
hey , you able to battle now ?
well he already did damage to central city before the start of the series .
haha , you made a bridge that car ' s ca n ' t cross . was this intentional ? i see one way arrows on either side , but in opposite directions .
no , she was not a bitch . if she were then the dog would have run off with her even without the bacon .
we ' re neighbors ! my wife and i also call it boob park .
i am going to figure out posting photos and i have a funny video of the little guy and his food bowl .
it looks like the man standing up goes to the side to see where the blades stop to make sure his guys are safe to drop down to the next terrace . that ' s crazy close .
would this impact the effectiveness of the sandpaper in this case ?
just saying , i kind of want bill to win . i mean , that would really show the messed up side of bill .
yeah . it is tricky , i do n ' t really know how the real thing flies - tried building one in ksp , difficult to fly .
how is a warthog different from regular pork taste wise ?
nah bro , even though my knowledge of islam is limited to selected passages of internet translations i clearly know more than you do about your own religion
exactly why i watch movies that way !
still working on the rest . helmet and armor are next on the list . i ' ll post more as i complete them .
if nsw loses pearce could play well and people would still make him the scapegoat of the loss . he was solid in the 2013 series .
you obviously have n ' t been following this conflict have you ? russia is the only nation that recognizes crimea as rf territory .
right ? something about those snack bags makes it easier to stop for me too . i ' ve been thinking about ordering a case of the suckers off of amazon .
that ' s what i was thinking too . i could just take that money towards a new body because who knows if i get it repaired and it keeps giving me problems .
what the hell does facebook have to do with anything ? you are generalizing and stereotyping a generation that i do n ' t even belong to . whatever makes you sleep better at night , kid .
sorry , i meant for a job interview , not as someone who ' s conducting user research on a participant .
er what ? my last comment was sarcasm if you could n ' t tell . i ' m british .
thank you ! i ' m at the hard rock in boston april 23 .
actually space grey .
he is talking about the simcity 2013 complete edition .
picture taking is generally regarded as suspicious when it comes to the military , at least that ' s what i have been taught .
to be fair , i think most places have a hard time comparing to tokyo night life .
you made it sound intentional , man . the meme says you gave the seat up , so you could stare at the cleavage .
i can picture someone very excited to take a bite into a burger then flair your arms in the air like chris paul after realizing it ' s blue cheese .
o _ o are you a man or a woman ? i do n ' t know if it matters , tbh . that ' s definitely underweight , but i guess it ' s not as crazy as i thought .
yep . that ' s what happened to me which made me go super slow and one by one .
sorry friend . chair height , round bowl . due to our narrow bathroom .
actually , it ' s a shoutout to the alien resurrection film .
yeah i love him too .
i was considering this . did you get a huge tax penalty or anything like that ?
a real airplanes wings curve and almost meet at a point above your head . you just cant see it because of the tricky windows making them appear straight
each temp news girl made me laugh more in one day than all of gina ' s days combined .
i bet all these are second generation immigrants . so deport them to where ? canada ?
do n ' t be so hard on yourself . multiple homosexuals like paul rudd .
it ' s like a foot fetish . as far as weird fetishes go , it ' s surprisingly common .
sorry , i was personally offended . to clarify , i ' m not a woman but your comment relates to all the women i cared about , loved or will . it got under my skin .
ok i think we ca n ' t work this out through debating . it ' s a theological issue , so i wo n ' t argue anymore .
if this question was asked 3 - 4 years ago ngata would definitely be in there , but he ' s not vital anymore .
it ' s more of a during proposal kind of deal .
it ' s still wise to carry 2 - 3 rbs in a game .
he is a real team player and our stupid coach has it in his head that ab is best as a finisher so i think that could be part of it .
i believe telling a doctor that would be an exception to the rule . i know that if you admit to child abuse , the doctor has to report it . so theoretically , murder as well .
to be fair , my hatred for anything liverpool related is not rational . just fuck them !
dude that kind of messed up your parents would let you watch that at 3 .
actually they never liked nazism , just fascism , but allied out of necessity because the italian military was weak in terms of world powers
it ' s a recent thing . i do n ' t think we ' ve had the pleasure of playing together , but folks who know me know this is out of character . and that ' s why i ' m quitting the pubs .
you ' re gonna need that specialized carbon specific tool . but seriously why would a person do this ?
yeah we add the bear to the name .
if you have a phone , you call the repair man .
the walls are grey . the crown molding is gloss white . the ceiling is a different white .
i do n ' t of any other company , aside from maybe facebook , that needs to collect personal information as part of their business model .
the question was n ' t who is the most exciting club though .
i was disappointed to find a different gorilla on the box when i went looking for gorilla munch in the grocery store a while back . it really rustled my jimmies .
in terms of pain relief , it does . it does n ' t matter if it says it does n ' t somewhere else . . . have you ever cut open an aloe leaf and put the goo on a burn ?
they are pretty cool to watch but his range and flexibility can be infuriating when you spar with him . he can kick from positions a lot of people ca n ' t .
in the upper right side right after the lightning you see what looks like a black smoke trail travelling from left to right .
time for you to put that elixir to good use . fill up your barracks with dragons and get some gold !
am stove bolt , can confirm .
now this sounds like something i ll have to watch out for then . barely can wait !
let him walk ? more like put him on the next bus out of town .
stop the search guys , i found the white night .
native americans . they really glossed over this subject in the us school system
reddit has some subreddits devoted to the same content you ' re describing .
purple is not your fucking color , erik . i keep telling you that .
i love this answer .
i would be fine with just watching the first 4 episodes of season 3 for the first time again . that was one of the most intense arcs of the show .
really eh ? yea it would suck without anyone to spot you . haha maybe there will be another person in the weight room soon : p
thinking about starting it today .
ooooo i apologize i read it as it was broken .
now that you mention that , i ' m going to get professionally fitted this week . i ' ve only ever worn nike free runners .
awesome . i ' ll prolly quick sell it for the coin .
yes and kind of . small capacitors are fine but larger ones are n ' t the best to short .
you mean astronomy right ?
i ' ll one - up you with heart of the universe . it was , also , used by thanos to end all of existence , but did so by pulling everything inside himself . the comic is called marvel : the end .
is n ' t he acting like he ' s embarrassed to demonstrate his talk - show hosting chops to that group of gentleman ?
yeah , would ' ve interesting . though it likely would ' ve been revealed that it was part of some plan of his to uncovered some nefarious time lord going - ons .
yeah you ' re right . but his pretty face was still there to look good .
kind of like the rural south .
at least you know when you ' ve lost . stop being a prick , you ' ll lead a less shitty life .
it does n ' t matter , you ca n ' t change them . focus on what actually matters instead , like ensuring you finish school for example .
honestly when he ' s not wearing that girly wig he actually looks like a man . i was impressed .
this made me laugh . but not your sil .
that ' s typically what people who disagree with the idea of a hate crime think . robbing , murder , assault and battery should carry the same punishment for everyone .
lol neither the flames or the canucks will make it past the second round , ease your expectations . and my god stop with the victim act
yes the book is amazing ! it takes 5 - 10 pages to get used to the language but once you do it ' s rewarding as hell .
well i ' m glad jagex has kept that scam possibility alive since i quit playing haha
do you realize that there are black people with good jobs and can afford the high rent and that there are white people who are dirt poor and could n ' t afford the high rent ?
i am only trying kindle unlimited to see how it goes . so it should end up in nook at some point . thanks for asking .
does n ' t work .
it ' s good stuff . start in small amounts and work up from there .
this is hopefully the first of many . i want to write more about why he thought the game was more deep the more he played it .
that would kill the suppression system altogether , leaving it a cosmetic shell . also making the field upgrades useless that affect suppression .
computer , can i get a cat wobble ?
edison just invented the light bulb , the idea of electric lighting came many years before that .
well , we ' d have the perfect test case would n ' t we ?
it ' s actually wrapped ! and this car is daily driven , have put almost 15 , 000 km ' s in a year . but i try and make it look pretty too . hahah
not even a chart . this is a table of data .
a bunch ! or maybe even bunny dreadlocks !
i noticed that . i was at work watching the series , and got pissed when i noticed then skip number 4
i can agree with that . still , you ca n ' t hate on a guy who went from nothing to paying tuition in cash against all odds , including the law . the law is always malleable for change .
i ' m looking closely , how am i drawing 7 cards after my deck is exhausted ?
what sort are you after , also live or dead . i have a couple of mates that go tick chasing but i think they are a bit out of season
oh man , i used to work in a building that was over 200 years old . the doorways were so low that i smashed my forehead against them almost every week .
all decent players support flac . it ' s an open codec .
if there phone is off or out of delivery area it will then send as a text message if the setting is active in your settings . outside of that it will show failed i believe .
the reason is surveillance disguised as social security . it ' s the same for china , england , any country . the main reason is always the same .
funny thing , i actually forgot the game had been out for only 3 days . it feels like it has been out for longer .
does limelight take over the pc that it is streaming ? can i use the same pc to stream to more than one client ? are there stats on what kind of hardware i need ?
those are still carbs . there ' s really no point in exchanging rice for pasta and oats if you are trying to remove some carbs .
yep . enjoy the life you got because thats all your gonna get .
you ' re definitely thinking of magic mike .
honestly , out of all of the ponies , pinkie pie is the last one you want to let into your house . because she will accidentally fuck shit up . yes , i know their personalities .
so true . what makes it even worse is we still had a fa cup semi final to play , and we all know how that turned out .
but we ' re talking about how op can use the direct hit effectively , not just how he can engage people as soldier .
it would be okay if his jokes were actual jokes . they do n ' t even make sense half the time .
every now and then i download a torrent . but , not that often and i remove the torrent quickly after so i do n ' t upload much either .
and then you have sapphire rings being blue and cold resist , ggg pls
somewhere between a weekend to a decade of rest i ' d imagine . just kidding ; ask your doctor .
many applications reward in - game currency of some type for their ratings etc , that ' s just as much bribery .
nice work , did you work from the middle out ?
it ' s useful for early game weapon upgrading if you buy their stuff and upgrade it so you do n ' t waste resources on actually making those . but it ' s kind of pointless later on .
i feel the same in manchester tbh . there are barely any police on duty in the city centre overnight anymore . as little as four officers for the entire centre after 2am in fact .
kk . could you give me some feats involving expanding burst attacks ? i ' ve only found 5 - 6 . any durability feats ?
ibuprofen , water , gentle stretches ! nice warm shower : d
no , the politicians that accept bribes , restrict free market , and line their pockets with money at our expense . do n ' t be dense .
yup ! no cavities , just really dirty teeth .
one of the first farms and huts in 2 . 0 are in the south east portion of the plain , but other than that the rest has been largely barren
as someone who loves to fly tackle myself i ' d take a loss for a kill every time .
good riddance . i remember it was shit heads like him that got people thinking pokemon was demonic , and having fun with your friends while playing games on a tv was somehow morally degrading .
to my limited knowledge there is a huge waiting list . and again maybe the concept of pulling strings , paying bribes etc comes into play ?
of all the lunacy chip has pulled this off season , signing two good rbs would be the move that causes you to hop off the caboose ?
he ' s not bad . i have n ' t tried his nif card , i used to have khedira before and i ca n ' t say there ' s a huge difference
i didnt downvote anyone . i felt having asked for an opinion , it would be hypocritical to do so . upvote
does that mean people that currently do n ' t meet the requirement will be moved to a different clan ? because only 20 out 80 are above 1 , 8k recent .
ya , it ' s easy enough . i used to have it with my ex . just make a calendar , share with her and give her edit permissions .
to point at god and tell people to open their eyes ? to try and be a light among all of this darkness ? to shout some truth among all of the lies ? yes , that is my mission .
oh , i just posted . youtube author is someone i follow . good stuff . make sure to give him props though !
you do n ' t want to dig too fast , you could end up slicing into them with the shovel and doing more damage .
people hate him right now because he does n ' t hate reigns and demott , literally the 2 worst things you could ever do to the iwc . it will all blow over in a week or 2 .
at least the tsa got a free peep show .
i see the error of my ways . thanks .
i ' m not saying it ' s a good or a bad thing , i ' m just saying that it is more appealing to average people now that it ' s not so expensive .
man , that sounds nasty , is his eye alright ? that could lead to blindness . dumb fuckers .
i usually do just a rinse , and let my towel catch any excess when i dry off , then splash the witch hazel .
just remember to play in a region with no good teams again and you ' ll be fine
i just use it on my sketch paper ! that ' s why it all blends so well : d
i feel the complete opposite , every time i ' ve listened to absolution fury has been there at the end and i love it as a closing track .
not to hate on anything but i enjoy these mighty healthy more than the fear 4s . any website that still has these size 8 , 5 uk ?
damn , is it worth the extra money ? i ' ve never had a super nice sweatshirt before . it ' d be nice if i had a fleece one that actually stayed fuzzy after being washed several times .
every tourist attraction have a bus stop . and most of them are next to a subway station
they can fail , he ' s just being a retard .
i love this idea . i ' m working on a write up of questions to send to team captains . i ' ll make a reddit post right now !
yeah , sorry , that ' s what i meant . i mean the poem is not about satan but it relates quite well to the satanic philosophy .
if i was n ' t on my phone i ' d have done it .
dude , i ' m that guy !
i never burp . i feel bubbles pop in my throat after i drink something fizzy but that ' s it .
your secret is that you ' re a robot , right ?
yea some top mut players try to face catch with thr corners and others try to box out the receiver . but yea its a big risk reward type of thing
i ' m sorry that something made you so callous about human life .
we should not hate the followers of the false console gods we must show them there is a better way . a way paved with cat videos in 4k .
again . just how ? yet movies like dredd do crappy in theaters and only redeem themselves in home release .
i ' m sure the people robbing convenience stores and setting fires are very concerned about class politics . just look at all the poor white people doing the same thing .
yes , the when balling move must they .
you can get herpes by getting a kiss on the cheek ? how is that ? i thought it had to be an open sore to transmit
my man !
so you do n ' t think it would be fine to control , for example , a rat population that are eating the eggs of an endangered native bird - because we should treat rats better ?
yep . and now you can try and beat the time . beautiful game .
no , i ' d rather have a team that wins the wc by 10 games not forced into a one game playoff .
exactly ! what ' s a north ?
i used to sell car covers and i didnt even sell this size .
doubt that ' s pressure differential . just a ton of water slamming on it . repeatedly .
plus he ' s smart . he mapped out the same fight plan oberyn used against the mountain .
we have no prior knowledge about the button so all the bollocks about self control does n ' t hold up in this situation . who ' s to say that we are making the right decision ?
i ' m addicted to the pure satisfaction of efficiently chopping straight down the 2x2 cylinder . also it frees up my other hand long enough to vape .
leech is the tyrannical of jewel mods . from what i ' ve seen in the cb , it ' s incredibly rare . op ' s jewel of definitely god - tier .
pretty sure coach q was grabbing his testicles at the team after those first 2 .
since you know what you ' re talking about do you recommend any av for mac or windows machines ? my mom is talking about getting some for his machines .
yeah . that ' s when you get a virtual machine to basically emulate a different os on your computer . couple that with a vpn and properly set up tor and your security online is almost assured .
libya is a large country . isis in libya is very weak compared to in syria and iraq , and would n ' t be able to reach those ruins .
you make me want to cook corned beef stew .
i do n ' t have a chin . lost my lower jaw to cancer .
no , i ' ve only really tried it in pasta dishes , soups , cooked in a pan with a bit butter .
yeah it ' s pretty embarrassing . i would definitely be in favor of something like that . sometimes you just need a hard reset
i mean i do n ' t care if people have fast megas . either way the hub and the pit will be a good place for that sort of antics .
well that person was nice , but just had an influenced opinion through family .
do n ' t forget all the really old meme posting of shit that was never very funny to begin with .
no , i ' d suggest you just like the idea of both of them being stored in an airtight jar , and you know what a disaster it would be to let either of them run the country .
would n ' t giving birth to children you ca n ' t support , define you as an unfit parent ?
that would be cool . if i say yes , will you paste a link here ?
take the mpg ratings and gas costs and work out a miles per dollar figure .
oh , my bad , i must have been thinking of mission control like you said . but mission control was very important , every mission into space was successful because of the johnson space center
flyover states are loosely defined as any state that ' s not on the east or west coast .
yes i am willing to keep going xd a couple of hours in the morning and at night . do n ' t worry i will get that perfect shiny jirachi for ya ! : d
race edits on youtube are normally quite good at adding more radio than we normally hear during the race .
it ' s not true at all . it ' s an estimation made on bogus assumptions , check some of the other comments here .
yeah a bit . useful at times though
i just removed weapons and infamy card then wait until the character do his animation and it just fell in place .
i tune in every week , too !
tally weather is crazy . there ' s like a one month period in the spring where it ' s 30 or 40 in the morning and 70s in the afternoon .
oh man . i ' ll never say chopsticks again . thanks , grandma !
well it ' s not like he ' s adopting the kid .
let ' s keep this brain melting thing to ourselves , ok ?
ah , were the tremors we first met the last of their kind on earth ? that makes a lot more sense .
except katy perry has a great set of tits .
hard mode : 5 pp on thunder , sun is up .
i made a couple changes to aspiring diplomat . it ' s better , but i think it would still need to be a rare .
i ' ve been lurking for like 3 months , at first i wanted a little upgrade in a tank , but the more learned the more i wanted
i honestly have no idea what to do , but also , if i save those 100 coins , i ' d be able to pick up 200 - 250 coin vc game too possibly .
in bright light , eric andre looks like a white eric andre .
where i grew up you had rocks , but not enough to build anything substantial with . so rock gardens were born .
in total , takes about 5 days , depending on the whims of royal mail . on their part , they send off the developed negatives the day after they receive them , so ca n ' t complain .
i did the same with cole . i ' d rather have slightly annoying real people in my party than a dumb emotional ghost .
ff games have always had really great styles , even if they do n ' t have amazing texture quality , now if only ff 13 was better
yes they will . learned that the hard way with a ten ml syringe . the one ml syringes seem better though .
walk in his room when he ' s home , point at it and say , what is that ? then report back .
so you are killing the rhino to kill people and you think this is a good idea ? the dye lets the rhino live and does n ' t kill people . much better plan .
everything ' s simple and easy when you ' re young and stupid .
but they ' re unfunny , and unoriginal . i ' m not going to be another one of the people who uses a kurt cobain joke as their shotgun rename .
doctors pay staff that would be affected though , so they might need to raise rates in response . also , the cost of everything they buy for their practice would likely rise .
if i could shit in your car heater i would .
well just got a mini 2 , i ' m glad i did it today considering the 510 day sale at quality vapors made it pretty cheap with the battery
i want the cowboy hat but i do n ' t think ps4 got any of the extra stuff yet
thank you ! it ' s going to be tough to translate the brilliance of the tig wig to paper .
sorry to break the sad news but backspace is closed .
one sec ! i had it posted on my fan page a few weeks back i ' ll make an edit to my first post and copy paste it in !
price was already in position , it took to long to get it to stammer . not really a special save .
the only game in the series i ' m talking about is the legend of dragoon . it ' s a jrpg . it ' s good . really good .
as an avid game of thrones fan , what ' s with that ? any idiot with a brain can see that it ' s not for everyone . half the people i know do n ' t care either .
op is the one getting the obedience training .
i have a racing wheel for sims , which are n ' t fun without one . as for arcade racers , the analog sticks are useless . you just hold the button down .
the 2 start dragon are easier as fuck to kite if you are a archer . if your not an archer , be aware that they hit pretty hard lol
i never thought it would be this way . this is hard . i hope that the second trimester brings me some break from this feeling
i think that ' s prolly one of the few ways it could work , but it just would n ' t seem the same as designing one ' s own gun .
you ' re a fucking idiot . but what can be expected from the usual american plastic .
they said in the same paragraph in the article that he has a business license but not a mechanics license . maybe you should read .
im currently running that build now . going through the lonesome road dlc . enjoying it very much minus the hacking skill requirements .
how much is the shipping for one since it is around 1300 yen without shipping ?
why ? grape fanta taste like childrens tylenol . the only good purple is purple drink .
it has a population of 900 so i do n ' t know what nightlife you ' re expecting to find
i live in arizona . it is pretty religious . i wish religion was more reserved here . instead we have mega churches .
that ' s a lot more weight to stop than my little jeep !
or you can grow up and realize that in order to smoke out the pest you have to chase off other residents within that space .
heroin small , meth big !
windows fab boys also act the same way .
a person in command of a ship is the ship ' s captain no matter their rank .
she ' s really pretty , when my sister and i watched black swan she said she ' d do a lesbian scene with mila , and my sis is pretty darn heterosexual , lol .
now he really does have x - pac heat
the only monster that was actually immune to hammers spawned in one side - area in that fetish swamp place . it was a big green thing .
yep , era is the boxes you see covering loads stuff . it ' s easiest to spot on the russian t - 72 ' s cos it looks like the tanks is covered in bricks .
idk about the soda itself but it was a pretty solid slurpee flavor for what it ' s worth
fair point with connie , but she pretty clearly did n ' t know steven needed to breathe .
do any ones in downtown calgary scan ? i know there ' s another person who is also updating with calgary codes .
but jalen does n ' t have a ballot while sage and doug do , so it ' s 1 for steph and 1 for harden
it gets a bit long . best with 4 .
apparently not , and no locks in my bedroom door unfortunately .
does n ' t change the fact that he is the best of all time
i ' d try all meats . it just increases flavor .
that is completely fair , carry on .
would n ' t printing on top cover the foil ?
i have looked into dual sheath redux , it seems to do all but put 2 on one side of the back like the witcher . but , thank you for the information .
it ' s a shame you ' re being downvoted . as someone with a pork allergy , i ' m glad you posted an alternative that i can eat .
oh man this had me in tears . not a whole lot on reddit makes me laugh . it ' s also 2 : 30 a . m . so maybe that helped , but goodness this was hilarious
then our student friend will be pleasantly surprised and have money left over . or can get a nicer place .
if you still need the answer like 3 days .
proves they work !
longbow synthesis is fine . broken truth is , indeed , too low .
no he was being facetious , and making a joke essentially saying that the media worships black culture when in reality this video more accurately depicts what the culture really is .
well you can also find one in the communities tab inside of the game itself . should be in the same area where you would click to see friends online in the main menu .
probably . i ' m sitting here wondering why you ' d put a snorkel on a lowered car . it ' s not like that car could make it out into the woods or something . maybe it ' s bagged ?
he ' s most certainly lying . nothing natty about his physique at 16 . i ' m sure he ' s aware most would look down on his decision to hop on at such an v early age .
thanks ! i ' m kind of a sheen monster , they really make an ink for me unless it has fantastic shading
you should n ' t need a tube amp , any speaker amp should do . you might need a preamp though .
check for missing fingers and whole - body tattoos .
280 steel cannon ball shot is the caliber but the trailer uses drum brakes so it does n ' t have calipers
the rocket launcher deals shit damage , it takes like 3 rockets to kill . its best use is around corners .
finally a condom that fits ! i ' m tired of having to cut the fingers off of latex gloves just for a couple seconds of safe pleasure !
the only data i ' ve ever see suggested that was mostly true of individuals who were prone to psychosis .
there is also viktor , vel ' koz , kassadin , azir , brand , and karma that work well , and have decent burst .
they are n ' t allowed on the ballot .
there ' s a publication for everything .
it ' s when you are asleep and mums at her parents house for the weekend and dad comes into your room and wants to role play as bill cosby .
wrong sugar , horse .
no , companies should not have monopolies on words , especially really common or pre - defined ones like redskins or vikings or candy .
i like him and i still think seeing him get punched is satisfying .
you need to be a uc student or guest of a uc student to go there .
it ' s like the internet , once they get some anonymity their real colors come out . it just happens with one they can say some mean words , with the other they can fucking kill you .
plus a lot of eye rolling .
we are monitoring na for a bit to make sure everything is working correctly . assuming it all looks good we will begin rolling out to other regions in the coming hours .
i would rather drive through ontario just for the scenery . imo
that place sounds amazing ! i need some chinese food ! : p
oh man i thought its worth more than that : d
we are lucky to watch a midget go down way to easy everytime someone touches him ?
damned right . and a private corporation that happens to be sports team should n ' t , either .
that ' s adorable ! i do n ' t think my have a clothes preference but they definitely prefer certain ways we sit .
nope not allowed . i ' m going to post more comments later about why bronies are bad so that they ca n ' t enjoy the show anymore because that ' s how it works .
speaking of identity politics , i remember the producer page on the movie is a jewish name , which struck me as odd given the content .
i always thought that possession might taste a little like kool - aid .
so standing where you wo n ' t take damage is cheese ? is that how you play crucible , you just run out into the open with wild abandon ?
if you do n ' t eat animal products you ' re vegan . i ' ve had this argument many times . it may mean something different to you but that ' s what it means .
i really hope it ' s safe now since this happened in 1993 ! but really , i have no idea . toxic mining supplies ? shifting sands ? i ' m comfortable just chilling here behind my monitor
paint it pink , stencil on some lace , tell her she can have a drawer for the good lingerie . boom
that would be great . there are no sheep anywhere close to the sign . either this does n ' t work for me or i ' m just dense today .
if she was rose did n ' t tell the others about it . the crystal gems had no idea there was a regular sentient gem in there .
and even domesticated animals can be pretty dangerous . there ' s always a chance you ' ll come across an unfriendly dog ready to munch your face off .
hi i believe if u click on the link and register from that its gonna work i write a message about this situation to the main office ! thx a let u know later
mb did n ' t read the communicate part for some reason .
ummm what ? we ' re going from comparing reigns and bryan to beyonce and mozart ? alright , well , we ' ll just leave it there .
people definitely do indeed question the status quo .
movie theater .
that content makes a few brothers , dare i say , uncomfortable .
how long were those cruises before ? i feel like 7 days is a bit much for some 9 year olds to handle , but you said it yourself , what kid does n ' t love disney ?
ditto . prior air force now in silicon valley .
if you look at the sketch , the oath of the plane after the turn is tangent to the radius of detonation
yeah but anything srs usually gets left up . for some reason drama about srs still gets the most comments and upvotes , even if it ' s not really drama .
it ' s all they have to hold onto . i do get the sense the nationals organization really wants to create a rivalry with us because of that series , but the team still needs to deliver .
because there is a weapon for every spec in the game except for one .
hey , ca n ' t knock the classics . nice taste in weaponry regardless .
on a similar note , is there a way to reroll the stats on a medallion ?
i kinda thought she , as a hardcore fan , kinda just wanted to see what steven , a much more casual fan , might go along and make .
my feeling is that he never planned on running with jackie anyway , and it was a way to bring down both her and dunbar . the issue is he did n ' t expect remy to feel for her the way he does .
yeah , if it detects any motion from controller axes assigned to either pitch or yaw , it ' ll freeze up the detected axis for the mouse and give priority to the controller .
not really . it ' s helpful to have a person that can answer specific questions about drugs and it ' s a lot more user friendly than getting that information from a computer .
what do people do in the country ? get drunk . what is another word for drunk ? hammered . hammer and sickle
yeah well you better . dick chop or ban .
one metal zipper cannot withstand that tension . she needs two . two
the cable i used is n ' t making a connection , just there temporarily for a little tension . the cable actually gets held down by the t - nut holding the mount in
in most states that wooden box goes into a cement hole .
also , do you think you could post one of your songs ? i ' d love to hear !
i have a no shoe guy at my work , he just casually walks around barefoot .
i wear the same size in nike ' s as i do in adidas - i ' d just get 8 . 5
bob and weave man . bob and weave .
i agree . a person who chooses to be ignorant is an idiot . republicans fit that description .
well , he risked his health and nothing bad happened . does n ' t mean he did n ' t take a risk .
he did n ' t die a single time for the first , like , 4 levels . show me someone who says they beat ninja gaiden for the first time without dying a fuck ton of times , and i ' ll show you a liar .
and even as a baby it is as tall as the guys head !
within minutes , you hear screaming . you turn to see several surfers being bitten in half . it ' s a very large shark .
i would n ' t expect that from a sub - reddit owner . you ' ve got to respect all of your users . currently i ' m subbed to both sub - reddits but i can see this one losing activity fast .
also the fact that he only made one rotation , thus making it a 360 .
unless the funeral is going to be open - casket with the corpse bare naked , i do n ' t see the point in wasting that money .
a foreign film to me is any film made outside of the us by a non us director with a topic that has nothing to do with the us . of course this all changes if you do n ' t live in the us
for breaking the game experience for other players , sure . probably not lifetime unless he does it regularly after being talked to about it .
that constant reminder in my garrison is the only reason i leveled any pets .
thank god you did n ' t throw money away . have fun with it !
actually my one islander friend did post a photoshopped picture of mark messier lifting the cup . but instead of the cup , it ' s a dildo .
you do n ' t need vaccines to travel to korea . it ' s not the wild jungles of the crazy monkey - people . it ' s a modern city .
bro , the answer is obvious . sip on coke and rum . be like so what you ' re drunk . it ' s the freakin weekend baby you ' re about to have you some fun .
not true , charter schools get twice the amount of funding that state schools get .
it seems like a great town ; reminds me a lot of austin . i need to go for fun rather than for work sometime .
hey man , hats off to that guy . he knew what he liked most and stuck to his guns . a lot of guys i know are absolute suckers for women and will change just about anything about themselves .
i can understand why that would be weird , but ick ?
that hype came from the death star !
looks like a fast - firing hand cannon in the special slot . i am excited for this .
the think the amphetamine part probably would n ' t be as pronounced .
you do n ' t seem to mind .
this was on the list . actually had a lot of kickstarter backers from italy .
he ' s actually part of the upcoming netflix prequel of wet hot american summer , so definitely not above netflix .
that might be , but one mine cannot one shot a minion . no way .
no shit . i ' d think it ' d be more embarrassing to have photo proof of non - jumping ability than to step out for it .
they will never find out i am the leader .
supernova ' s only affect the local solar systems , not the galaxies they are in . they are massive events , but the sizes of galaxies is far bigger than you are assuming here .
africans no , but most probably it is because i have n ' t been outside of europe to be honest . americans , japanese yes .
never feel self conscious for that ! if we all do it then it is n ' t weird , right ? idk i ' m just used to being the outcast that pulls food from their purse on random occasions .
if i were a psychopath , id never murder anyone because that takes way too much effort and i ' m way to lazy
you do n ' t have to be a liar or a lunatic to be wrong
nothing would happen . you ' d get uncomfortable looks from your autistic outburst . damn so much heat .
disagree . hating him is the best part of my day .
then buy a usb odd . if not , you could always just borrow one from a friend . you only need to use it once to rip the games .
or is there an extension of the brain inside the penis that handles sexual thoughts and when you think about sex , it needs to pump the blood in there ?
they are n ' t feeding him at the moment but i agree he needs to get his ass in gear .
it ' s not superstition . it ' s just a consideration of the fact that i do n ' t know everything and neither do you .
nice ! that ' s pretty legit . plano is n ' t too bad either . i ' ve enjoyed my visits there to see friends and work when i used to travel there .
i looked it up , his left arm was about 15 cm shorter that his right . interesting
they ' ll end up just both passing out .
i will be doing that . but there was grease on it before i put new oil , and it was doing the same thing .
for the government to record ? say that again a different way because congress men or police , what are you talking about exactly . xd
because the bible clearly says that everyone is a sinner and deserves eternal punishment .
action stations , action stations . set condition one throughout the ship . this is not a drill .
honestly , the cold is easier to handle than the ignorance . i do not regret moving to mn from tx .
the nostril is an orifice and the ear canal is a canal . i ' m not the one defining it , do n ' t kill the messenger .
yes . it ' s not being activated in response to the ritual spell itself and it does n ' t target anything .
to be fair , it would appear that he could n ' t either
i was joining e - feds with real wrestlers in the late 90 ' s on aol . i was like 10 years old and really bad at it . i won the ic title as macho man once though !
thats all it takes and bliss a good nights sleep !
all im saying is trusting a dog bred for fighting should n ' t be taken in stride
al . com creates those image galleries . not our favorite pic either .
you know the wierd guy at the park ? you ' re that guy .
it ' s being a massive prick not to , most people would consider you a bad person
did you have to pay customs ?
that yard needs some work .
there was an episode where she was sharpening it with something so i guess it suggests she takes care of her sword .
i know the line came late in the show , but if you watched the episode , you can see the next story arc coming .
18 months for date u opened or closed card , whichever is most recent .
how is this comment pro - fat ? op said they were struggling with lingering emotional damage due to ham exposure , and this comment was just a bit of encouragement for her to repair it .
i think the point he is trying to make is people are getting paid to do work they simply arent doing . doesnt matter the source
they ' ll cut wood , but really need some tlc in both the aesthetics and sharpening department .
do you have a distaste for fat people in general or a specific attitude ? does the fat person try to lose weight raise your ire like the fat activist who says that everyone should be fatter ?
people do ice baths all the time , ca n ' t be much harder than that right ?
picking up an accordion may not be very easy , but i recommend you bend at the knees when you go to lift it .
it made me laugh , the music was just too much
insurance can review your doctors notes so if you tell your doctor you should also request they keep it out of their notes . some are willing to do this some are n ' t .
i live nearby . the czech beer brands gave it away for me though , there ' s a lot of vietnamese shops around here
oh yeah , it was far from clean , but still , randy orton does n ' t job to the miz . although , now that i say that he did lose to kofi kingston that one time so maybe i ' m full of shit .
any chance eu rips off jp ' s smoothness ?
as long as it ' s hd - i ' ll trade you dracula for it .
who you callin a square ?
never use winded unless it ' s the ammonia free version . pro tip : lay the led down flat on its back so liquids wo n ' t run down inside it .
if i ever get asked what kind of ring i want , i ' ll say to spend the money on a down payment on a house .
i got one of these before any of my friends had cell phones or texting , so i just kinda showed it off to look cool , but did n ' t use it much for a year or so .
gotta admit i have no idea where you ' d even get them or how you take it . do you just buy a canister on amazon and inhale a balloon of it ?
not if you ' re a normal person . when i trip and fall it ' s not out of a fucking airplane .
i saw this in the movies , laughed so hard , missed parts of it . had to take 3 different groups of friends to see it that week . robert downey was great .
what format retains the quality but lowers the file size ?
good response . this is most likely the correct answer .
then call the day before when they are preparing a game plan . if they do n ' t have one recommend one .
ok now i have no idea what the hell was wrong with my other horse . i tried for like an hour to tame him : p i ' m going to have to try that again tomorrow , if the baby lets me .
reddit gold ?
peanut butter and heavy cream for every meal and mcdonald ' s . time to bulk !
we feel exactly the same way against you guys .
to be fair i thought you were breaking the news . i had n ' t heard that either , mostly because i do n ' t care , but still had n ' t heard nonetheless .
israel has a very strong high technology sector . they are a well off nation .
ouch . have you gotten her to the point she begins to heal ? you might be in for a bad suprised if damage is your issue .
indiana jones has this skill too . just give the whip a little shake and it comes free , ready to swing on something else .
lol . yet we ' d get ticked if dj shoved lillard out of bounds . i ' m not gonna defend a stupid move just because he ' s a blazer .
yup that ' s the county seat .
can i just use a paper towel ? or blow dry the shit out of it later ?
tap water ? yes . distilled water ? no .
it ' s so much more entertaining when he ' s not our problem
mainly the attack speed bonus wind chimera gets from awakening . attack power debuff and higher base hp are also slightly better for toa , but they ' re both good .
so it ' s not how you would suck his dick then .
how would the bee know to do that ? that ' s not how insects swarm .
that ' s a very good point
though , it would n ' t be helpful if you were in the middle of an organ transplant and you had to suddenly wash your hands .
i know how hard it is to believe but some times , they do n ' t even do it on purpose to piss you off . they genuinely think the material they ' re presenting is fascinating .
it ' s definitely trickier than ig mounting , but still worth knowing how to do it . also knowing when the monster is just too tall for it to work , since you do n ' t get a high jump .
who does n ' t enjoy the most dangerous game ? did that just cross the line ? it felt like it crossed the line .
if you ' re cutting any part of an orchid sterilize the tools and the cut part of the plant . i run the scissors through a flame , and use cinnamon on the orchid .
are you sure ? because there ' s one kid in my class who is definitely a rat .
men were worked up into a frothing rage when he cut it .
a paid in system is not a ponzi .
that ' s offensive . it ' s an inuit ' s pussy .
hey thanks thug . keep it real man .
do n ' t drop a lot of cash on a weapon you will replace fairly quickly .
elbows parallel to ground ? angled down ? i know you are n ' t supposed to hunch .
i know there is more demand for these tickets , but they did mail order for years before email without too many problems . it was still a lottery for the fancy tix
the bottom one has the information you need . had you searched you would n ' t have had to post your question .
it wanted to know if i had a uk tv licence .
i did n ' t down vote you . i do n ' t play at work , guy .
hahaha . read again . he knows that ya goof . you are confused
i hope that you are self - aware enough to realize that you are in not in a normal healthy state .
and he does n ' t need to necessarily do something illegal in order to get fired . he can get fired for things aside from breaking the law . i ' m not sure what part of this you are n ' t getting .
his right eye is fucked up . that is why there is a line on his flag .
the islanders have looked just as strong overall , but halak has looked tired since the start of the 3rd . but both teams are other wise playing with the same amount of intensity imo .
i ' ll just use water to cleanse my palate . it tastes disgusting .
belgium has n ' t had possession of the congo for 55 years . protestant missionaries have been very active since then .
yay , flower lovers !
that ' s the knee - jerk response to every thread in this subreddit lol , but you ' re not totally wrong .
my nephew cat is like that . when people come to the house he will go to the entry way and then plop himself in front of their feet demanding belly rubs . it ' s adorable .
oh yeah i heard about that . post here once you ' ve checked if you can . i ' d be interested if the patch fixes that too .
well thank you very much . still ca n ' t decide if i should use it or put it in my display .
okay , i try that too . seems more fluid and easier to maintain speed . you were so fast yesterday ! too fast for me
also a good idea . i also collect some ideas on next weeks meetup .
yeah seriously . my friends forced me to watch the bieber roast and i was just uncomfortable the whole time
that ' s a specialization of wizard .
well yeah it ' s like 50 - 100 miles . it would take a whale days to finish that .
despite how rude and dismissive this sounds , i ca n ' t help but feel that this contains some undeniable truth .
last time i tried to build a ship through docking ports , only one of the ports would actually connect , leaving the other one free to wiggle as much as it wanted .
oh , you are right sir . i shall rectify this mistake .
who disputes that alexander defeated the persian empire ?
that ' s the only milk i ' ll drink . i grew up with it and it taste the best to me .
i guess i ' ll just have to play more games . thanks for the info !
leave them standing there wondering why the cart can suddenly move at double the speed .
i ' m thinking if i start a forum , i ' m just going to ban people after 3 strikes of unproductive , and negative comments . i do n ' t give a shit , the boot needs to be put down .
because so many men for so many years have deserved a good beating that any man will do , really .
thanks ! i hope that ' s the case , it ' d be way more convenient !
i had dreads ! i did n ' t cut all my hair off when i took them out . it just takes patience and a lot of conditioner
i desperately want you to explain the similar mechanics involved here , because i find the way your perception works to be fascinating .
interesting point - but i ' d find it odd to think that some twenty years later , that ' s what kids have taken away from the santa experience .
i really do n ' t agree with the name , because mega giga tera etc have no relation to kilo so why kilo why not anything else , it does n ' t make sense to me but oh well xd
huh . when the hell was that a thing ? anyway , thanks for the info .
believe it or not , went home and made this and i think its worthy of taylor swift eating it , breaking up with it and writing a song about it .
wholeheartedly agree . but somehow these management types want all kinds of stupid , inconsistent business logic across multiple remote shards and then whine when they do n ' t play well together .
whoops , serves me right for typing on my phone . you ' re right , thanks for the correction !
feather : maybe we can share that bath .
yeah mine also takes a similar path , when benching normally too a little bit
awesome ! i ' ll talk to her as soon as i get settled in . thanks for helping me so much .
you ' re welcome ! enjoy tulsa , it ' s a great city !
im not getting back into that . i just keeping thinking about how much that must suck .
to be fair china is a bit of a human rights and regulation wasteland . just go there . india far worse though .
ah ok a regular shiv only match . i was thinking you were looking to do something more specific or something .
got a pic of the outside faucet ? any markings on it ? might be easier to identify that way .
they ruined scotland !
nice , the only thing that would make that vacuum more appealing to me would be not having to pay for it !
hey , ariel is my great - great - great grandmother !
well , that was a thoughtful , well - received remark , from somebody who is here to validate how they do n ' t need validation . failure noted .
that video has a mood that really makes me happy . seems that ryan is happy , hahaha .
that may have something to do with the fact that the shooter is rotting in a jail cell instead of on paid leave , but who knows amiright ?
i was n ' t debating that . the whole tone of your comment gives the impression that you feel superior to religious people . that ' s all i was saying .
i did n ' t really measure an individual ice cube volume because i usually add stock by the cups anyways .
is there a better child support deal than 400 a month ? i have never heard of cheaper and it certainly isnt enough to cover the costs of raising a child .
they do n ' t need it , but it ' s less risk when they do have it . tesla is the only electric car with that plate , so you ' d be wrong .
would they even know cancer was the cause of death ?
shipping live ammunition likely requires some kind of license , a very difficult to obtain license .
i also have those pants and do not wear them because they ' re a size 34 wrinkle .
if he had better players , he ' d have a better team too .
yeah , there needs to be more straight aways to take advantage of the speed . once they finally turn the speed up you ca n ' t really take advantage of it or you ' re in a wall .
essentially . its a simplified insight . they took the insight bolt tech , put it in a cheaper package , and dropped the price pretty heavily .
do we have people in the military choosing to run around knife only or with the worst gun ? no . but they should , that way it can be competitive .
they actually do make 24 number clocks .
breasts are n ' t sexual . they ' re for feeding infants . and last i checked , men also have breasts and nipples
i ' ve had trouble too lately . think i need to find some kind of comfy headphones so i can listen to music when i sleep again .
wait until the pc version comes out . everyone ' s nice console screenshots will be 1 - upped by someone who ' s got a pc powerful enough to kill a god .
solar - based systems have no fuel cost associated with them , that wipes out a huge chunk of operating costs . no one ' s ignoring the other , obvious costs here .
right now , not windsor , but it ' s sister across the river .
i think gush storm is a great starting point . it ' s definitely competitive as well . no wasteland required
depending on his corruption levels he may live forever .
that ' s true , sadly sometimes players will despite the severity will come back with a cage to play especially if it ' s a playoff game .
i worked as a phone sex operator for a while , it was definitely interesting the way people go about trying to bring up certain topics .
we can send images by light . what do we send the most ? naked pictures .
would you have enough to smelt them down and coat your balls in the resulting molten metal ?
i actually found myself in situations when i needed them every other game , but still i never keep them over free slot for extra gun . if the slots were made differently , i would keep them .
it looks like a sign of respect . it almost looks like an apology for not having a perfect hit .
then we would give everyone in the bar a marker for their next drink . nobody actually likes cosmos .
i had a membrane sweep with my first and my water broke the next day . good luck !
hey , i worked at a company like that in college .
its funny that when you ' re buying simple things like underwear it makes you appreciate a time when you did n ' t have to make that decision lol
they are like long chicken nuggets with extra seasoning .
just had my driver side window spontaneously explode in my face driving down a highway . safety glass still be sharp .
the concept of a wheel is simple , it moves easily forward and backwards . sideways into a curb , not so much .
but germanic people have played a massive role in most of europe ' s history . the usa in civ is only based in a 250 year old culture . also , a few germanic states ? try hundreds .
they do n ' t even sing ! they ' re just talking !
yeah because it ' s being launched over gotham and everyone ' s going to be freaking out .
just west of that , was so glad my whole car did n ' t fall in the hole .
just reading this left me in a state of hysteria .
oh nice . thanks for the info ! i thought metro hamburg was a lot bigger .
i ' m still so fucking mad at them having these three amazingly talented guys in new day and wasting them all on such a stupid , racist gimmick .
i used anytime movers last month and they were great .
it grows on my upper lip !
thx , i guess all my other games are older carts .
where in america ? it could be anything from 4am to 9am .
that ' s what my dog did when she was a puppy . only it was n ' t a normal doorbell .
eh , true enough , as much as i hate to admit .
coconuts kill a surprising amount of people every year .
what ' s the difference though really ? the concept is only as appealing as how the resources in my area are allocated
watching people run with helmets on is always funny . makes them look like a bobble head .
totally agree , why would someone vote down a fellow gooner for repping their club gear ?
there ' s no room in the cooler for beer . it ' s full of watermelons .
incendiary is traditionally purple . at least the stuff i ' ve used is here in the us .
that games pretty fun .
congrats ! god bless your family . i ca n ' t wait !
i can agree that charizard and mewtwo have glorious amazing tails , but lucario ' s is quite nice still , it just does n ' t compare to those two .
then it was a success ! i would make a cross of the lame pun and evil plan raccoons if i were good at that sort of thing .
op is 125 lbs ; position 1 on the rear preload is the exact setting they should be using .
it ' s never me that ' s holding me back guys . it ' s the other guy .
right , thats true . there would n ' t be exhaust if there was no air intake .
over 560 . it ' s my highest played total war , on steam at least , i might have played pre - steam ones more .
i already feel dirty enough listening to abbott .
i was worried about that to when i got mine . but it ' s not an issue . it stays in place well shows no signs of loosening . when i need it off its a breeze
sorry for the late reply . i can hatch it for you ! just let me know when you ' re available .
when leo walked down the red carpet for that movie premier , people where stunned he was n ' t mentally handicapped .
i see , childcare is women ' s work and therefore worth less than construction , because construction is men ' s work . silly me , thinking sexism was involved in the equation somewhere .
sorry that was a more a joke literal interpretation of eight hundred and seventy five dollars than an actual guess . i do n ' t think it ' ll hit a billion .
as a recent it graduate , who is still trying to find an it job , this is really intimidating . i knew there would be hellish work loads but i had n ' t even imagined a 71 hour work shift .
park started sucking because he moved to arsenal and not getting playtime . besides , park got his chances and blew it before the olympics , son ? 0 chances .
how in the world do you get sex out of that ?
all manner of fried goods , hot dogs , hamburgers etc . you ' ll notice it as all the taxis will be near it . just up from the southern cross club .
because i wanted to show how diverse downtown concrete is ? i ' m not in it for the view , i ' m in it to be outside and enjoy the small things .
i ' ve never thought about it this way but wow 2d - kun true end route king
perhaps you are referring to the old law ? this is new legislation i am referring to that just came into effect in the last 2 - 3 months . when not on mobile i will locate a link for you .
all this rock - collecting is a secret way to hide our digging a tunnel out of our cell . when we go for a walk outside in the yard just drop a bit of the former wall and no one notices .
but as prices fall , new purchases within the fund to maintain constant duration get higher yields . it works out to be the same .
no , when you download it , that ' s it . keep it . you will be very happy when you upgrade .
i agree , but still leaves me in my initial position of smoking alone . the girls here that go out do n ' t often toke while they do it .
i have seen australia demolish us too often to be deluded into thinking they can play two shit games in a row against us .
she was the first main character in the disney renaissance , and the previous princess movies had more or less that same plot .
oh , i picked up that trilogy a long time ago but have n ' t gotten around to reading it ! how was it ? have you ever read stuff by terry pratchett ?
naw , wish i did if you got blessed with this gold every week , though
he did not get all of gods power . he could n ' t even go through prayers without a magic computer to make it understandable for him .
i have not tried cashew milk , but would n ' t mind it . i think it ' s brilliant you can make milk from so many different sources other than cow .
you should take a good hard look at the shit your captain and alternate are doing before you continue to talk .
i think they got that at high park last weekend .
like waiting two hours for someone to show up and change a tire ?
no more iron man films . sorry bro . he ' s in avengers 3 and cap 3 but there wo n ' t be a iron man 4 .
meanwhile mississippi finds this mandatory access law pretty fucking communist and passes legislation that no one in mississippi can go to arkansas anymore without a passport .
well , you ' ll need to pick a big school to do it at . do it at a small school and everyone will know you ' re not a regular on campus .
i like how i get downvoted 5 times , but there ' s only one person who even offered any advice besides me . seriously , no one wants to touch the topic because rek sai top is bad .
he did n ' t pull the full cone . that ' s why there is still smoke coming from the bowl . look at how much smoke there is when he breathes out . he probably left the hole open when he pulled .
fair enough . i do n ' t iv , i only like to snort , but it takes so much to get me really fucked up . wish i could get some tar , haha .
came here to say exactly this . i ' ll buy books for the wife , and back them up on the pc drm free .
iirc , we never even domesticated them . they just showed up to eat the rats and then stayed to rub their butts on everything and get their brain parasites all up in people .
i got my copy from a seller on amazon a few months ago . i think i paid about forty for it after shipping .
its like that in a lot of states . in cali you can get a license for 99 plants but legally only carry 8 pounds . afaik its a bit of a legal grey matter
so , did you have to provide your real street address in order for them to proceed ? or did you stick with your po box ? if you insisted in the po box , what was the process like ?
did n ' t know we were talking about anarcho - capitalism , but you are correct . but i ' ve noticed that ancaps are not favorable of democracy in general .
just em at this point . views from the 6 has a chance . but moving a million does n ' t matter before . welcome to the age of digital streaming .
haha i did the splits with aunt flow - amazing . without - not so much . haha !
that ' s a very good point actually .
ugh , my ex got a karma goldmine of a message . that greedy fuck wont email me the screencap so i can capitalize .
yeah . meanwhile , he complains that it is n ' t really a sequel and throws away everything from the first game . what ?
same here . i was n ' t an avid reader in my early teenage years until i picked wheel of time up .
sure , technically the war is still ongoing . but for all practical purposes america won .
this is my new metaphor for life .
haha , it ' s actually a bit hidden by the wall and you ca n ' t see it as good , but it ' s more triangular now , so no more penis yes . : d
i go to miami a couple times a year . i ' ll take driving in lafayette over miami drivers . it ' s pretty wild there !
yo this nigga sound like he goes to ap history . imma side with him
a milestone is an expression meaning an accomplishment . i think at one point there were stones placed a mile apart but that is not what people are talking about when they use the word .
that is without a doubt not the issue . i drink about 128 oz of water a day , if not more .
keep telling yourself that .
luckily for us the turmoil seems to be dying down . we ' ll see what happens when actual football starts though .
it ' s just displaying the frame rate of the uploaded video . it ' s also done this with 50 hz videos
ohhh . i was drunk last night , flew over my head .
fellow bass clarinet here , once had 70 - 80 measures of rest , 2 notes , many more rests , then i played like the last 4 measures . i almost fell asleep mid rehearsal mid morning
if i forge the id of a poor person , am i less of a criminal than when i forge the id of bill gates ? i ' m pretty stupid , but not so far as to go call people names when i run out of arguments .
that ' s an indirect consequence of having a possession - based game . the more you have the ball , the more you can be tackled .
i have this wonderful little local ranch i get my eggs from . the employees nick - named it the retirement house for hens . once they stop laying , they still get to live out their lives .
fair point , however i ' d like to read something i have n ' t read before as well as read something that is unique to the culture .
i was saying that since you can buy hydrogen fuel as a commodity in a star port , you could give someone in space your fuel cargo and they can use it for a quick fuel source .
i ' m the same way , but am actually a very light sleeper .
right ? and yet people sit and do it all day . boggles the mind . i ' m forced to assume that some people just have no other source of feeling good about themselves .
they ' re making it sound like what it is . go get one thrown at you and tell me its not a big deal . u mad bro ?
it ' s a comedian ' s show about comedians telling stories . the stories should keep me laughing all the way through , not just waiting for the punchline after 10 minutes .
even if rodgers agreed it was an intentional stamp , which it was , he could n ' t come out and say so to the media . he ' s got to defend his players .
i was just referencing jonah hills part of the roast of james franco . sarah ' s awesome .
i swear nobody but the establishment wants this man to be president .
yeah , i was really hoping someone would play along and say they were there too .
yeah i know what you mean , wish i could though , that ' s the dream
just the tip ? and would you like them with little bows on top , madam ?
the possessed old woman is trying to swallow the little girl like a giant snake .
crown of return would make a great ultra for fish or someone . maybe steroids .
thanks ! rise above is known for being kind of hard to deal with . i ' m sure it ' s even more annoying when you have to pay crazy shipping costs .
it is as bad as bite attempt . remember that bite attempt does hurt more than stamping either .
at least most of the time link and zelda are the same person reincarnated . ganon is the same guy every time afaik .
yup . i ' m very gassy , but i ' m not constipated . thank god
cool ! we still need a girl though !
i ' m glad you like it ! i ' ll be working on an update for time so let me know if you have any ideas !
i agree , but i think that the fact that walt had a kid to take care of was pretty important to the plot .
i , too , would love some more mass insect civil war footage .
nothing like stroking it to scooby doo back in late 90s while your parents are in the other room .
i ' m in complete agreement . victoria is a fantastic place to live . i lived in vic for 10 years and it feels like home there in a way that vancouver does n ' t .
yeah , but that was most of a week ago .
i forgot about the nipples ! also , how was their hair always perfect when they lived in windy san - fran ? witchcraft , man .
nonsense . he was a kid when we was fat . probably swam competition level , which yes , does yield that level of muscle mass . it did with me .
or even half of a klondike bar .
that ' s really vague though , when you think of how intricate dna coding is then having to design something so specified it really make you wonder how it actually happened .
yep , my wife got in a crash in her ford flex a couple months ago and it automatically put the car in park and called 911 .
i think it would go pretty easy once it ' s patched into the nuclear arsenal .
not sure - i ' m using workstation . you should n ' t have any problems running linux , it runs fine in vms .
no he does n ' t , the underworld color palette is blue .
you need to play or see footage of the allied assault d - day mission . holy shit !
a lot of people have been unhappy with toads management as of late .
this one blows my mind . i do n ' t think i could ever write something so amazing in only two weeks .
yet they choose a pedophile as their poster - boy ?
for me it was n ' t so much the raptors as it was the t rex slamming down onto the suv that the kids were in .
you mean the microsoft natural ergonomic keyboards ? unless you ' re talking about something sold in the mid - 90 ' s , they ' re all rubber - dome keyboards .
the benefit of ? the main intention of the clothing ?
the inner arch of the foot for me . i get a burn , but the arch of my foot hurts !
which in itself was such an underrated great game . the gameplay was solid and difficult , the story sections being mostly optional really set a relaxed tone .
then get several other teams to just show up for the race , and not participate .
google - chrome and chromium are not the same thing .
and how is it called when you side with your government to fight for your community and ideals against foreign invader ?
it should help , unless you ' re drinking so much coffee that you ' ll go through withdrawals .
no , it ' s both . but whatever , we ' re obviously not getting anywhere so you can have the last word if you like . i ' m out .
get the fuck off of reddit and study .
perhaps . i need to perfect the face mask prototype first . this helmet does not block balls to the face very effectively .
sell is preferred , but i might be open to trades . just let me know what you have . pm me .
dude that ' s worst than going to jail he should ' ve shot the woman instead or just ripped her apart of her baby so she could ' ve suffer and died on her on
unbroken ? bruce could fix that for you .
why did n ' t he stop them from coming into power in the first place ?
in the past , perhaps . but a lot has changed since the cold war .
or a couch cushion fort for those of us who never had tree houses .
i assume you too also live in vegas , i swear everyone sees that fool in jail that goes lol
this ! i ' ve done so much to try and figure out if this is possible . even apple told me there is no way with out my icloud being signed into the computer first .
totally agree that wildcat could easily fit in . perhaps a bigger budget would give him more reasons to stay though ? and i was mostly referring to gl tbh
holy fuck . you turned alcohol into a verb , it must be serious .
oh i was an hour off . oops . my mistake thank you .
it broke up when his dad stepped on it in the living room .
africa has fundamentalist islam and catholicism , when half of your labour force spends their entire life pumping out babies that they ca n ' t feed your society is fucked
hey man , bottom line is that organ donation increases on the deaths that natural selection takes care of for us . i may be a pragmatic monster .
obviously deaf people want to cover their ears , for the same reason the blind wear sunglasses .
usually stuff that is mostly cotton will shrink in hot water .
indeed no joke ! i am proud i was able to meet him , awesome man , lost almost everything defending his country yet he survived long enough to see almost all his grandchildren as adults .
both the same price where i ' m looking !
if you are strong at writing software , that ' s a neat idea . it might be a bit challenging if you have n ' t had a lot of practice .
the party van takes no excuses .
oh no i ' ve done my best to avoid marrying relatives . really sucks to be the king and have to plot the assassination of some of your own kids .
ya , double engine failure would classify as an incident , would n ' t it ? this flight most likely has its own wikipedia page .
dominant centers like wilt and kareem would do even better with a 3 point line because the spacing makes it harder to double or triple team .
going into a match thread definitely warrants the game being spoiled .
spiked ? give me a break . it was a regular slide .
yeah i was gonna put stuff in about that but i wanted it to be about how to laz not how to be laz ' s teammate
this is a great idea . raise your hand if your man boobs are big enough to look like a butt ! ol
pretty much every raid evening : p i am glad you liked it ! maybe you ' ll like the other episodes as well .
it ' ll probably quite nice , lvg is his mentor , saf is one of his closest friends and he always says nice things about both managers and the club . he ' d shit on arsenal though .
yeah , that guy is terrible . maybe there ' s someone out there you do n ' t like who is less harmful to society , op . you could give to some nicer religious folks maybe ?
well right now my account is one of the most valuable things i own and you do n ' t sell the farm before the horses
why ? huge sacrifice in damage and it ' s not like br is hard to run e : unless you ' re es because of the current issues with br
midwest checking in . i ' ve been all over the midwest . always heard crutch .
land manatee is still a viable option .
to be fair , that still describes a large amount of wisconsin even without the u . p .
do n ' t know why you got down voted , i ' m thinking the same thing , and i ' ve been a premium subscriber for 2 . 5 years . no company can make that big a change without serious repercussions .
it takes a real man to wear a kilt .
pretty sure they ' re just old show animals , like the ones that appeared in movies .
i ' m pretty sure that ' s because during that era you could n ' t win more than one mvp .
oh yeah , great point ! edited it accordingly , thanks
if he did n ' t care about showing his gun he would n ' t have stuck it all the way up that zombies head so when he shot it was silenced
you can totally lose weight with lasers . hold still while i vaporize your head .
and if anyone asks why you are drinking windex , tell them it keeps you from streaking .
thanks for the heads up . i ' ve stalled on my purchase for now and am re - thinking what i should get
should also work . especially if you know the glaive timing anyways , it ' s faster your way .
whoa , you ' re mongolian ? that ' s awesome ! tell me , what ' s mongolia like ?
i do n ' t think people realized your joke man .
jeez , not really . buy a homeless guy a sandwich ?
really ? i ' d play the shit out of pvp with this amount of detail .
that really only works if you already have a death star .
truth !
movies made by americans for americans are from the american point of view . news at 11 .
i think the noise you are referring to was actually coming from my phone . bean was n ' t making any other noise other than the lip smacking sounds .
that is pretty key . shareholders measure everything based on their quarterly profits . so you can have a long term plan for success , but if profits drop once , then heads will roll .
the standard advice around here is to buy the heaviest anvil you can afford . it ' ll pay off as you want to scale up your projects .
no . i was referring to leaving his team , damaging his relationship with the league , the devils organisation and the fans .
but is n ' t westboro church is strictly american ?
it ' s about grime .
silly , pigs do n ' t have feet . it is a hoof .
some clearly are . they prefer to have people dependent on the church than provided for by the government .
good one , anti - piracy lobby !
look at my original post and tell me what about that is wrong and why the death penalty is a good thing .
you could build your own house , or you can buy one that fits you best .
i play videogames with another ed . edit : i play h1z1 with another ed . eu servers
i just eat it raw , is that wrong ?
it doesnt matter if i called him a jabroni or not , you jabroni
alright the combination stays ! will post a video about its use in the crucible hopefully by this week
ok i ' ll probably be going to sleep within the next 30 minutes as it ' s almost 4am here and i have class all day tomorrow . but i ' ll be free again in about 13 hours .
you ' re a noun and a verb .
wait , is that humming sound the caster working ?
most of the line of audi and bmw have auto trunk opening afaik . the extra that their flagship get is that they can also close themselves when you press a button .
i was thinking king charles too from the shape of the head .
of course i do ! i even sport flat caps on occasion .
so , maybe reek will become theon again , and fuck ramsay up . at this point , anything can happen .
lol , i love that americans think the irish eat corned beef .
yeah , they ' d hear someone way before they got to the door and chaos would ensue - then my dad would need to change his trousers - lol .
you are obviously a better shot with a compound bow than i am .
suck my dick , you glorious shithole of a man . you are an example to all children of the world , cunt .
i totally do that sometimes . but i ' ve never claimed to be normal .
yes , yes , and no ! i will check out finch !
indeed , monitor arms are amazing for ergonomics .
i ' m all four . the white being on my feet .
am i the only one who thought the dog was purely a symbol for the organ and nothing more ?
i think i have it covered , but if it does n ' t work out i will definitely pm you . thanks !
to live in the moment you have to feel pain when something bad happens . when something bad happens you cry and you mourn because its healthy to express yourself .
great , let ' s have a listen to some of your soul inspiring technique . we ' d all like a link .
always use cold water on stains , too .
the ones that got dehydrated from beating the helpless guys ass in the desert sun . bless their hearts , all that beating takes a toll on their steroid laden bodies .
my giroux is a collection pull so ca n ' t loan him . sorry .
me too ! i used to smoke a fair amount , so getting back into it has been a bit tough , but making slow and painful progress .
a lot of nasty flavor , the best tomato sauces have no added sugars .
very common in many parts of the world , the onus is on the teachers to keep you going where here it is on you . if you fail here it ' s your loss
jest as you may , but i would love it if it was physically possible to have an ink that wrote the rainbow !
yeah , the gatling guns are far from game - winners . but if you need a small area of the battlefield to be defended well , and you can protect the guns , then it works .
tried to post this just now . got directed to this post , i love this song haha
this seems logical from a story point of view , but not from a business sense . how are they going to market ragnarok ? he died in age of ultron ! jk
i mean he was mentioning both of our football coaches by name , but we can just pretend for his sake .
definitely , but , for me at least , that adds value . terrain that ' s r more challenging yet still easier on my body ? sure , go ahead and charge me less for something i prefer !
i ' d drop pj tucker because the suns do n ' t play again til the 19 .
i think you ' re right . op over thinking this one .
yeah the people in my graduating class that did n ' t submit quotes , the stuff put the same phrase for them . there was at least half the class that did n ' t submit quotes , it looked so messy .
thanks man i did n ' t expect more than one score haha .
which is why we did n ' t need a top pick wide receiver .
black gold was really fun in death match .
nope . is that set in paris ? because this is n ' t set in france
it ' s certainly taught me to keep my plans simple .
auckland uni ? commerce ?
i think they meant that cappuccino is traditionally a breakfast drink in italy and you get weird looks if you order it late at night .
yeah , my brother in law has asus , i believe . he suggested it to me a while back . i ' ll look into it , thanks . any specific models or anything like that of need to know ?
just installed it a couple hours ago . it looks great , but it does n ' t actually toggle airplane mode . it just takes me to the settings menu page .
rek ' sai and vi are both strong junglers atm and worth learning .
seems to me that this video is an ideal demonstration of precisely why it was where it was . definitely in the right place to stop traffic coming from the circle .
yeah and i ' m saying that since we have n ' t seen them say anything racist or do anything racist there is no ground for assuming them to be racist .
i know - i am holding on to my old car . i do n ' t expect i will ever buy another new one .
it also gets rid of too many cards .
it ' s also nice for controlling super - armored opponents
it looks sous vide , but with a different sear . and by different i mean a quite long sear .
i ' m pretty sure this is a lie since no cars move at all on goodman road .
well it said tenth most famous , but come on , it ' s a whole country , there ' s not 15 people more famous ?
i read lara . oops .
i ' d do it after flowering is done . i have to do mine this year too .
so an iraqi guy has the right to commit a suicide bombing in america because of their intervention in his home and kill random people who have no affiliation to the army ?
look for a roommate yourself , do n ' t trust her to do it . you have every right to do this .
why do n ' t they attach light bulbs to a radio ?
sooooooo many assumptions here you are assuming that ' s your nephew . you are assuming that ' s your nephew ' s book . you are assuming that is in fact a book .
there would be no way lift such a book .
no i understand , i do them as well . i was just curious if you did any additional leg exercises because i ' ve been thinking of adding some more into my routine
alright cool . thanks man
i guess that either you work in a very different industry than me , or you have much better focus .
is it that you think the proceedings would n ' t happen in a real court ? because i ' ve noticed others complaining about this even though it ' s untrue .
i think it depends on which field they play at , the track and field feed from last week was definitely poor .
thank you , thank you silence !
i have to decide before classes begin . the curriculum differs depending on which specialty you choose .
it ' s faster to walk up an escalator than to walk up stairs .
also way behind in dick size . probably that is .
that ' s why lucian is so much fun though without being op .
my cat used to chase it under there . maybe it eventually learned to go under itself . it broke a while back though .
considering it ' s a pretty big scandal , i would say yes . in fact , i feel this would have people wondering if this is a one off sort of thing or if it happens more than you think .
i agree . from a comedians stand point , i thought it was really brave . if you do n ' t push the boundaries how will anyone know where they are ?
pullups are king of overall upper body development , they hit everything hard
well , there were n ' t any billboards and store front to put painfully obvious product placement on at his house .
i find it wrong . also i have no power to stop people to do that . so it ' s my opinion . you have yours . let ' s leave it like that
he knew he was going to be sacked as soon as form started to dip . i do n ' t think anyone at the club believed the contract was worth more than the paper it was signed on .
well , that ' s not really true in an orchestra as much , since all of the string players are in effectively the same boat .
desperate chicks put out damage ?
not sandy . good guess though !
dumb unrelated question . rust ? that ' s a form of oxidation too , right ?
plus the pest factor . he ' s attracting attention allowing others to get free .
it ' s an age test .
i swear a lot of barcelona fans love to hate real madrid more than they love to love their own team .
three 1s is like , trip and break everyone ' s neck type shit .
a nice , shaded porch . she probably had food and water out there . i get what you ' re saying but it ' s a small , very tight - knit community .
i like this one . what ' s your super power ?
human invented agriculture to support themselves in the event of overpopulation . if elephants were overpopulated , they would eat all the available food and then starve to death .
haha , true , never even knew ! : d the only reason i could think of is faster clear , but the increased damage does n ' t really make up for the huge sustain of the 3 .
is there a specific place where i should pre - order it ? or should i just buy it from amazon ?
eh i doubt it . cowboys wo n ' t pay him more than what they offered , look at all the fa ' s leaving dallas for more money .
both are just religious propaganda .
i do n ' t think it ' ll be an issue , but worst case scenario , the tank comes home . i ' m just trying to be considerate , you know ?
starve ? unlikely . the whole lot of them look like they ' re already famine - proof .
they do n ' t light by themselves , or they do n ' t light even if you hold a lit match up to them ?
in that case we should just stop playing games with a second half and maybe even cut the last 15 minutes ? lol
yeah bali is amazing . 5th time i ' ve been back now and even though the internet is n ' t great it ' s good enough and everything else makes up for it .
oh yeah , it ' s compressed to hell compared to mumble , but it is fairly high quality . much better than most game compression .
i laughed out loud more at furious seven than i have in any comedy in at least a year .
cool . thanks for the tips .
i do way too many drugs to carry around a gun , i have no doubt i ' ll get popped off sometime in this lifetime and the last thing i want next to me at that time is a firearm edit : im a felon
well , if he or she wanted to make it look like he or she did n ' t commit suicide , so that family could collect on life insurance , perhaps he or she would .
i did n ' t read that , but cheers . so it ' s essentially a hardened door - arse ?
when you are to cheap to buy gold but want to show appreciation .
yeah i am surprised no one has mentioned this already . the same guy who plays absorbing man on aos is the guy who j . m . fights and refuses to take a dive for , getting himself killed .
we need front court help more than back court help . we already have thomas , bradley , and smart . right now our starting front - court is evan turner , brandon bass , and tyler zeller .
that ' s actually a great fucking point !
sunday at 1 : 00 central . does that work for you ?
some people add in an extra day for body parts they think are lagging . if that ' s what you ' re wondering .
i like my coffee how i like my women . without a penis .
forgot to add in the post it was for a used car dealership that ' s supposed to sell nicer used cars .
it would at least allow for users that do n ' t get on with vr to start to explore a more immersive experience . then again , curved screens are n ' t particularly cheap yet .
i ' d rather avoid overclocking , only in the worst case . and i ' ll change the hdds , thanks for the advice !
i hate that you refer to people as wildlife .
i ' m not saying i do n ' t read religious perspectives to help form my philosophy . i ' m just saying that i do n ' t feel represented by them .
i was pretty impressed with his interview , too , actually . i ' d never thought too much of donnie before , either , but this was really good . i ' d be happy to see him come back .
and lead ! straight from the heart of mother earth .
man i ' m just picturing caked up soot in their fat rolls .
if the screw is already in the hole , everything stays the same since the hole also changes shape . you just could n ' t screw anything else in and would be completely unable to figure out why .
i ' d hardly call it obstruction in the case of this wallpaper .
also the benefit of being in a relationship with a woman . no pregnancy scares : d
the ability to roll to use the power at all .
well , i think a part of it is a guy as freakishly strong as ap could easily hurt someone without really meaning to , especially a child .
nonsense , rescue the sailors while the ship sinks .
mana tends to be less of an issue when playing against control since the games go on longer .
i had this issue for about 6 months before i found out it was a yeast infection that had n ' t entirely gone away . another round of meds and i was entirely free of symptoms .
right , i did n ' t realize this went beyond standard minecraft enemy generation .
bill is clearly after the philosophers stone .
aquarium zen in seattle is a recently opened ada shop . not a mail order shop , though .
because they ' re using race as a way to make fun or someone . but in general people probably should n ' t make fun of people they do n ' t know , that ' s in general how not to get your ass beat .
what a horrible city .
did n ' t they even do a background check on that dude ?
would match your club song .
there ' s an english sub of the game that will be available in may on play - asia . com .
why would you put that abomination in your body man . why ?
same here . i ' ve been getting cold sores on my lips for years because i shared a cup or spoon or something with the wrong person .
i know it ' s my fault you ' re in this predicament , but i do hope i ' ll be part of your relief later too : d
i never see any hare in - game either .
that ' s probably what i ' ll do if i do this for the 500 party . doing the cars was kinda last minute , and yellow was n ' t a color i had needed for the non - car cookies .
everyone who read this just tried it .
i ' m pretty sure you made that story up . thats too dumb even for a lie
i want that blue orbit . i ' ve had my eye on one for awhile .
that is a real life pro tip right there . there is a similar place in southern ohio called roosters , like hooters but way better food .
i bet they do n ' t feed it anything . starvation mode will do that to a chunk of plastic .
every machine in the store is controlled by a keypad passcode . that said it is pretty easy to get access if you have worked in a store before .
south park taught me that pee is actually clean .
i know ! i ' m considering making a v2 for this one . a different , more interesting ending , gotta say i got lazy near the end . thanks for the comment !
i can understand why you would think so ; however , in practice that is not necessarily true .
the neutron star is a binary with a main sequence star . depending on the orbits and such , the earth - like could be getting its energy from the neutron star ' s partner ?
it was her body ' s reaction to the infection i think .
in comparison to the salt in most post game threads it was such a minor amount .
i also lived in that area for quite a while , and heard roughly the same story . there ' s a lot of weird street names in south mountain .
damn , and that bitch does n ' t even eat .
if a guy tells you he ' s dead certain a 100 - to - 1 longshot is going to win the kentucky derby , but refuses to bet any money on it , you can be pretty sure he ' s full of shit .
it would be hilarious to give them all the same style as well making people wonder . nice thinking .
i ' m the same . courtyard is just an awful game mode for gw2 .
when you turn it puts stress on the power steering causing the pump to work harder . if something is wrong with it or the belt , it will first be apparent when turning .
nice , i ' ll check it out .
i rooted for y ' all when we were n ' t playing each other !
i ' m happy that at least someone found it funny because i certainly did n ' t .
id say hes around there . hes not in the discussion for top 10 rb
dry ice works then . they ' ll still feel burning because of the co2 buildup but it ' s more humane than the slow death . or smash their skulls or poison , or something .
shes a model - albeit a short one . she kept trying to show me how to pose . i am not good at posing : p
actually the round pupils of the moon keepers is a trait of big cats , aka lions tigers etc .
cool man ! thank you !
this is the reason i asked . i could n ' t tell how profitable logs or herbs were since the calculator does n ' t show their real value .
sry bro but i do n ' t get that . what do you mean majoras mask competitive ?
none , i just installed the game again .
this . study for 3 - 4 hours a week on top of homework and you ' ll be totally fine .
this nigga was in a crowd of white people supporting darren wilson . he was literally the only nigga that was black .
uber has some sort of algorithm on the app that will raise prices according to demand . so , 2am on a saturday , it will be more expensive .
so even a newer router with external antennas wo n ' t do me any good ?
no one expected him to quit playing , his career has just started .
unless he has said that to you , that ' s just your opinion . attraction can have nothing to do with conventional looks or a low body weight . it ' s the total package .
i was more confused that they were in austin and did n ' t go to amy ' s ice cream . thank you for clearing it up for me .
yeah there is , but i lived in iran for 24 years and it happened to me only once . generally people know how to keep it low key to avoid trouble .
eh , we make the choice to find convenience . if you ever decided to pick up a burger or call in a pizza instead of making dinner , you ' ve spent most of the cost of the cd .
ooh ooh , i ' m indecisive like that ! but it ' s usually with someone who ' s as manipulative as that other person , so i guess it ' s a converse
once she changes the story , and this is entered into evidence , she ' ll get laughed out of the courtroom
i ' m voting for him . we ' ll see . god help us if one of the other two get in .
sounds fine to me , like a carrot cake ?
there are probably more mark twain quotes posted on reddit every week than hairs on my dog .
more or less this - blue baby to cathedral is good approximation of how the game will play out with you having a lot less health to utilize .
my girlfriend has the bill at her work . have to check .
now you just get a coffee , for the exact same reason
or his fake crying to get views .
nice ! does your car have irs ? if you are near northern kentucky i ' ve got a route to suggest as well ! unless you were the guy who was asking about driving areas a few months back lol .
so are you saying if you think a guy is decent , you ' ll straight up tell him that you want sex from him ?
true , but in all fairness you can see space mountain more clearly than cinderella castle while driving , but i would n ' t put it as the park ' s icon .
will there be man vs food style sandwiches ?
what are red skulls feats ? vandal is a neanderthal so he ' s above peak human strength and he ' s had hundreds of thousands of years of training and experience
i believe chariot fuel would be horses . meaning we must ask ourselves , can a fire made from burning horses melt lead ?
yeah , discourse is probably a better word .
makes sense . thanks for clarifying .
thank you ! i walked around the store with the nail polish and was like this . this is what i want for my lips .
my company ' s two other programmers just left a few months ago . it ' s amazing how many once - a - day , manual processes they never automated after 8 years of working there .
okay so i will do some research on it and if i find it in a good price i will take it . thanks !
the point is that no contact is made .
she could have a lash glue that she is not allergic to . either way , it ' s a shaky excuse .
i think it ' d mostly depend on that last part .
eh . 3 - 4 , maybe 10 throughout the shower
at my work we keep a few extra machines in the back . that way should one machine go down and need a day or more fix we can swap it out with another that does work .
it ' s amazing how many people in marvel still cover themselves with metal with magneto around .
malaria ? lack of fresh water ? you may want to see a map , i live in puerto rico . and calm down dude i was n ' t attacking anyone .
do you think it would be worth keeping a vest if i switched it for black ?
my old cat would drool , talk to me , lean into my hand , rub her head into me . sometimes she ' s rub her tooth on my hand . i felt so appreciated .
should we ban the symbols of the british crown too ? what about the confederate flag ?
depends on the person using it . some folks prefer a high fire rate and some do n ' t . the inferno pees bullets , compared to the steed . just a preference thing .
this is the bro - est thing i ' ve ever heard of .
any song in particular you can recommend ?
to grind your skin !
wait ! tiki wear clothes ?
ooooh . now i got it . he should mention that it was ranked game .
what can i do on a friday night ? i ca n ' t exactly go out and take a class or go out and buy supplies to learn something .
if you have n ' t read the book , check it out too .
i would go with elder too . he is on the same level as the dire and radiant gods who were locked in the moon that shattered , is n ' t he ?
i think you are right . funny my full name can be used in either case as well .
i was completely kidding . a lot of people on this sub like her , i enjoyed her tonight but that was the first time i was n ' t negative towards her .
if you do n ' t show respect going into the fight you should n ' t expect it after you get your ass kicked .
not quite sure what to search for , episode season number and time or even character names n such
i feel like the syphilis bit is not exactly important in conjunction with the dead - in - a - dumpster bit .
oh wow , that sounds like fun . do you have any experience yet ?
i do n ' t think so . the game itself works on my u . s . 3ds and the packaging is all in english .
it might feel nice . you do n ' t know
i support this .
yes , in order to get back into the lobby i had to restart the game .
it ' s with mcc on the same parameters we always use . dedicated server too . we ' ve played a ton of mcc missions and the framerate was instantly noticeable .
oh man the ones that just made it look like fire , my faves
that ' s gonna be a lot . i ' m thinking i ' ll try to choose one good photo from each system i pass through and post those , to prevent spamming .
it was . at least , most of it was . it just got the history wrong . but it ' s clear from reading it that is what most of it was intended as .
you must be my neighbor . i work from home and it is literally every day that a conference call gets interrupted with a useless leaf blower .
scaled vector graphic .
and the other is only an accident if it did n ' t go well ?
no they ' re not threatening to destroy it , they threatened to charge me with destroying their property .
in the current version most people already have a small base setup with stores of food for the winter .
cause it looks like a white feather , a symbol of cowardice
as an argument yes it should not be enough to convince someone you are right . but as a personal belief , i see no issues with it . it may be lazy , but to a believer that is the role of faith .
the male nurses i know are too busy counting the buckets of cash they carry home each week to be worried about inequality .
or instead of tapping they basically slap them further into your ear . i ' d rather them get pulled out
it might eventually become a conversational tactic , rhetoric lube , being respectful to another individual .
i think the science backs it up . why be so hostile to a fellow vegan ? trust people to decide for themselves what kind of vegan diet works best for them .
watch the final 10 minutes or so .
when i was in iraq the main thing killing soldiers was these things rolling over .
that sounds delightful . i wish i could afford massive steak every night .
i am intrigued . where did you buy your baton ? also how much was it ?
sounds good i ' m going to get my battery tested today , so can bad connections to the ignition cause my car to crank but not start ? i ' m a total idiot when it comes to cars .
yeah , my friend would like a detailed explanation as well .
i ' ve read it as a kid too : i ' m from nl . it belonged to my grandmother . it was an old book , i think from around the 1920 ' s .
to be honest , for actually talking , landline is still the best .
i watch a lot of porn . never seen a single one if his . i mean look at him , gross ugly jackass ! i only know him from dick enhancing popup ads and pop culture osmosis .
that ' s just how gay dudes like it : sweaty brows and orange mood lighting . do n ' t judge .
would n ' t the end of the seventeen inch model be considered scaring off the professionals back in the day , though ?
thai people and a few other south east asian countries bow like that . however , japanese and other far east asians do n ' t bow like that on a normal bases .
my bike is really light . like 5 - 8 pounds . does that make a significant difference ?
i think i ' ve embarrassed you enough , have a nice life .
oh i realize we have 2 centers on the floor , but only one of them could actually play as a pf as well , and that ' s pau . on offense we always have pau play pf while noah takes the 5 .
i ' ll take that as an agreement with my statement . otherwise you simply would have said yes , it is objective .
no we are n ' t . humans are the smartest creatures on earth . do n ' t blame retards who get pet chimps on the entire human race .
but we do n ' t actually know if that was what happened or if he walked in front in line of the barrel . the article is about the intricacies of defamation action , not the incident itself .
he ' s my confirmation saint . total badass .
i feel you . ranked up a few days ago too
so in other words you ' re saying i should drive recklessly because everyone else is doing it and that driving the posted speed limit is morally wrong ?
it tastes exactly the same , no difference in flavor at all and it still vapes the same . the juice also comes in a dark blue bottle . i ' m assuming that is to help block the light .
until they all adopt the tpp . i just mean hundreds of years from now when society reforms or the next great empire develops , i hope they look to current times and fix all the problems .
definitely no plastidip . haha , have a good one man !
may is warm here , but mostly dry . september is warm here , but mostly wet . december and january are somewhat less warm , by virtue of being just a few degrees above the equator .
the artwork itself is not public domain iirc , in the same case that modern compositions of mozart etc are not public domain .
ran over a person intentionally it seems .
great name . shitty post .
aw man , too bad i have a 10 year old flip phone .
we ' re talking about the foam right , not just the egg carton you get from buying eggs ? that would look weird if you just stapled egg cartons to your wall .
i ' m sure you have numbers to back that up , right ?
having been to many of both , i have no idea of what you mean . care to elaborate ?
yeah it just sounds like you plain hate her . is one of her songs about you ?
the answer is in the post , super - religious nurses .
do it ! the roads were so much fun to drive e . the coast line is surreal .
already ? holy shit it ' s a weak winter season this year
good point . and it ' s important to know that they will fall no matter what and you cannot prevent it . they have to learn .
that ' s really only if the mod is a tool . another mod should ' ve stepped in to moderate , and done so with neutral point of view .
which ? i just sold the rust coat
yeah maybe i will much prefer him as a mage . i will love to see a mage support a la old guan post nerf !
ca n ' t wait to see the mental gymnastics people put themselves through today to blame him for this
updated last week , do n ' t forget to update !
how will it ? why would a square manhole fall into a square hole but a round manhole wo n ' t fall into a round hole ?
need to get auction houses on this one to stop ivory in their sales .
i ' d rather not go into detail . but i did tell him to check his psn account through his phone because it ' s my card attached to it .
seems to be ok to lock them up , shoot them or use excessive force if you are a cop .
navel is the belly button right ? how can you tell ?
last year i made the trip from nyc and east coasters were tough to come by . if i can rally the troops this year i will certainly be on the lookout for the maryland flag .
well do you want one chick in your car or 4 chicks ?
having just finished this for school , which one ? like 87 people want revenge in that play .
i think reddit would explode with all the circle jerk if original guan was released now .
jeff fisher was too angry at his team to give a shit about what the patriots were doing .
yes , i would . i would enjoy having a swinging relationship with her . i find monogamy boring and too restrictive and i would hope she agreed . btw , what was contradictory ?
i do n ' t think you gotta be a stan to find your initial comment excessively disrespectful
white t shirts . all the ones i find are pretty thin . i do n ' t want to buy expensive ones
plus it pops on a magazine rack .
my guess is he thought it was someone from the other team .
my wife had to quit watching on the episode where hannibal made the guy eat his own nose .
a lot of ruby internal library methods are actually written in c , so writing your own methods is slower and it will also run slower a lot of the time . utilize the language as much as you can .
it ' s a damn good season , man .
just pointing there are environmental costs for sustainable energy as well .
i think the comment was about how rogue and rouge mean different things .
theirs a difference . dora fans dont have porn of it .
you forgot the most important thing ! talking about real estate investment in india and america
while they ' re not traditionally used as laxatives by medical professionals , they are known for having a laxative effect , yes .
sure does n ' t take a toll on your gas money though .
that ' s your cell phone . why do you think they give them out now ?
you hang out with the mexican cartels too much , man .
the kid had do much talent , but his positioning is dogshit sometimes
jack and coke would be great .
not at all , i really like the story progression , and it ' s just really nothing like that .
i was not assuming any more than you . of course the debate is done . because anything else you say would just prove my point . and your welcome , it was fun .
i do n ' t know , just wanted the change .
cold sand make you cramp up while playing beach volley , hot sand is just uncomfortable .
it ' s what happens in the bible , after the same scenario happening over and over again , why repeat it ?
there ' s 3 actual saturn vs left ? why ?
the items that drop from dragon hoard enchantments are bound to you .
no , the only thing that happened from this is some people got a red circle next to their usernames . i cannot believe people are that invested in these stupid flairs .
remember , i caught that customer red handed stealing from me and then lying about it . i do n ' t know what else should be done other than making it public .
nah , he dead . well i probably already shit him out . i had a nasty one today .
a tangent is a line perpendicular to the radius . it ' s a line with only one point touching the edge of the circle without crossing it .
ah got you . that ' s too bad . usually they make them long enough to be able to flatten the tip .
sounds like my dad . did the same thing . after that we restored quite a few bugs !
tbh , i would probably hit him too . that ' s disgusting
life ' s too short to stop oppression !
he answered your question . just because you do n ' t like the answer does n ' t mean it is n ' t the answer . if you want to debate it go somewhere else .
if a vegan does crossfit , which one do they talk about ?
nah its a recon drone . that shit pops all the time
i need a good ponytail for the special companion . i ' d like to not chop off all her hair when i get there .
if the films had centered on bilbo , they would have been much better . a great character and fantastic actor .
it has a mind of its own now : p
so do n ' t eat the lunch , just dump it out into the trash , same effect . douchebag goes hungry !
colorado representing . we ' re one of the fittest states in the nation .
that bulldozer have a lighter jack to plug into ?
i meant what city lol that ' s an interesting career choice , one that will undoubtedly give you job security and good stable pay . if i may ask , do you have a strong family who supports you ?
i ' m using chrome . it might just be a bug of some sorts in google chrome .
okay . so for a guy that has n ' t read flash comics since the early 90s maybe move forward is a good re - entry point .
you ca n ' t really blame martin today when he was credited with two extra strikeouts and one less walk via bad calls .
gives me an idea for a story where weiss loses her memory , and as a joke , yang makes her think she is friendly and outgoing , and this happens xd
instant . i almost always have to mix my foundations between one that is too orange and one that is too yellow .
it confuses me . we have half regular and half decaf . not sure why people drink decaf coffee . why drink coffee at all ? haha
but ariza is capable of defending most 4 ' s . we play him at the 4 when we go small - ball
really easy to get . fill in the form , drop it in to your local office with the required documentation . no appointment necessary .
one man ' s crushed dream is another man ' s giggle .
does a basement floor count as concrete footing ?
yeah i just put him in , as he ' s quite well known and does have a reggae sound . he ' s not great though
true , never really thought about that . might try re - roll one of my spare ones to next ib
exactly . police need to be held to the same standard as others .
if drinking an irish whiskey means i end up breaking even , that ' s worth it
this is wrong on an olympic medal world champion level .
it ' s non functioning ww2 antique they use as a mobile display .
i ' m great . thank you for the flower .
i think i ' d fail that . sigh . i ' ll join the english then .
oatmeal is pretty common . not your boring quaker rolled oats , but steel cut or scottish oats , with fruit , butter , and honey .
would it be possible for me to drop the secret social one now and still be able to rush next semester for the business one ?
holy shit , you ' re right . welp , i ' m retarded . thanks !
i actually really like baked sweet potatoes plain . not sure why but if i do put anything on it i put garlic powder . edit : i ' ll have to try the paprika though , i ' ve never had it !
probably due to the unions themselves or some form of contract . being a whistle - blower , so to speak , can be quite risky .
welp , now you ca n ' t triple crossfire r9 295x2 even though your power supply can handle it .
i said kill isis . whether that solves the problems of sunni muslims , i do n ' t give a shit . kill , rinse and repeat .
is windows media files mp4 ? if not how do i add that file type ?
guess you do n ' t read your supermarket flyer then ?
when you get here , the difference is still pretty big . then when you look at the world class black belts , holy crap , they toy with us mortals like we ' ve never trained a day in our lives .
what makes you say that ?
what is it like watching movies or listening to music on antidepressants ? are you just indifferent to everything ? how about suspense . would you still feel suspense in a movie ?
yeah i hope it turns out that way . i predict they will come back in like 2018 and hopefully will be great .
i ' m pointing at my mouse and clicking my fingers but it ' s not doing anything .
pcs running an old os is understandable , equipment that was built to last needs old software to run . running windows server 2003 active directory servers is a whole different ball game .
i guess . i have a hard time a seeing the religions most successful in keeping mankind in dark age conditions for the longest time as benign or child ' s play .
well shit . i found that out the hard way and came back here hoping i was wrong .
that would set you back at least a few grand buddy .
would you mind giving me a quick rundown on how to do that ? i ' m not too familiar with modding yet .
but if they bring a stripper along it ' s no longer all same - sex , so it ' s fine ? : d
thanks . i ' ve been avoiding them because they make my back and neck pain so much worse . though i do still wear one when running .
no reason to suspect cro has regressed after his pro - bowl caliber season with the cards .
thanks man . i ' m just laying around , eating some pizza , watching some parks and rec and being a giant man baby , getting taken care of by my wife .
i can also make the worm !
guess i ' ll spend those fifteen dollars then . unless i can find something better . in the meantime there ' s always galaxy tarot on android .
no . you sound like a miserable shit hole .
that seems to be the idea . if there is an interior that seems to pertain to the clue the focus would be on accessing that area in - game , instead of teleporting in .
i would agree with this for most guys , but take out the drugs and alcohol and strawberry would make this post mute .
umm i do need practice . so it ' s more for barbers with experience and a client base ?
i can see the store , and i can buy games . but in xbox video and hbo go app they tell me i live in the wrong country .
showed this game that he could certainly keep his cool in teamfights and continue to hit rockets throughout the fight . looked good , assuming he ' s gonna get better with more experience
this has been the funniest thing i ' ve seen all day .
yeah so far i ' ve had 2 other people tell me it ' s the easier class . i think i ' ll be going with it . thanks for the input though !
and a artillery truck on the part of the map where you ca n ' t reach him raining hell down .
funny thing is , i ' m half bulgarian half polish , so a powerfull commonwealth as well is just a dream for me . : d
not malaria , but serious intestinal distress . he could n ' t be away from the toilet long enough to film the sword - vs - whip scene that was planned .
where would he move his coins to ?
better business owners will take her place .
do n ' t watch hostel
i will give it a try but , i am here to cry about no anime continuation past episode 25 t _ t i still have n ' t found an official response as to why there is n ' t a continuation .
hmmm i havent heard anything yet . what sort of groan should i be listening for ? the only weird thing i have noticed is a really load hum when the heat is on full blast , anyone else have that ?
baja blast mountain dew !
that ' s like saying arresting someone is illegal because they did n ' t give you permission to arrest them .
if you ' re leveling a healer the fastest is get to 15 via fates and your hunting log then dungeon grind since you ' ll get near instant queues .
majored in english , but this class was cross - listed and looked interesting .
remember the titanic as the movie james cameron was famous for , before he made avatar .
you would have to pull the power from the radio . in my car that ' s no a good idea since the touchscreen also controls my ac , and i ' m in florida . maybe disconnecting the antenna would work .
i know the difference - i just misread your post . does germany not use debit cards ? paypal has recurring payments you could use .
that ' s the beauty of the irish constitution , people power !
that ' s pretty nasty . hope the cheap ass high was worth it .
some does n ' t . but some , primarily from the hip area , smell a little bit like fart .
no problem , just remember 2 maybe 3 times max a week . key is intense but infrequent , any more and you will either hurt yourself or lose the benefit
it was n ' t called the powder keg of europe for nothing !
are n ' t you a special snowflake .
i rather play with a rager who tries hard to win than with a quit person who does n ' t care about winning or losing
i laughed , but i felt bad about it .
break this jabroni ' s back . make him humble . iran number 1
you mean like the time he went through buildings and was still fine ? or the time he flew through the mountain and was totally okay then ? superman smash .
the guy murdered his goddamn family . nobody else has done that before , or since . there was abuse , but this was on benoit , not wwe .
from what i can see online it seems both of these areas are fairly reasonable . i live in boston and its a god damn expensive ass nightmare .
i saw barney the dinosaur without a head outside a sonic when i was a kid . it broke my heart .
probably his time since bryan cranston finished breaking bad .
and she went to high school ? edit : all - caps relapse
right , but we ' re asking what a player ' s weak point is , not giving them excuses as to why that may be .
haha , i know how you feel ! we really only had one good game last year , and it happened to be one of our biggest games
who said it is staging ? he is getting right to work !
the last thing i read about that was the police do n ' t keep any statistics on the dog hits since it could be used against them in court .
plenty of it , yeah . with that sort of system , i imagine you ' d even be able to play gta v on the highest settings at a good fps .
and their steakhouse onion and cheddar is damn tasty , well worth that gold medal : p
i have lady a dark red and it can be streaky but using a lip brush to go back in and build up color works to combat that .
i was surprised to hear that boston had shut a team out . then i realized it was the phillies and the shock wore off .
they ' re asking if there ' s anything that can plug into the charger port that would give extra functionality similar to the dock . i do n ' t believe there is .
this is true as well , but i also think it is pretty easy to not like israel and yet not have jew - paranoia .
yes , but now he is a very talented 25 year old center with a lot of promise playing in the nba .
this gameplay mechanic was by far one of the most enjoyable experiences i ever had . it took me basically one summer but i completely liberated france . it was great .
5 - 10 . like 3 exits on the highway .
lmfao this comment is so full of shit it ' s astounding
elm guest house child abuse . its been in the news a bit lately , however its been rumored about for years .
well , we can still work with that . what ' s your preferred lumen range , and price range ?
haha ok that is the third time someone has mentioned that movie in as many weeks . i will watch it
he could still have somewhere to return , like a pirate with a treasure chest ect . they were travellers , but all travellers need somewhere to store their spoils .
what is running ? you just 2v1 those fuckers
you ' re not in a north american university student , or taking a post - secondary english course .
keep up the good work : d
greek yogurt , indeed .
ohhh i was thinking about the other one he showed her , the real one . my bad !
agree . i think maybe a blue would look good thrown in there ?
yea i suspected constipated cause i have n ' t seen him poop in awhile , but he still is hungry and searches for food on the bottom . he always seems hungry and is very very active !
cool , thanks .
thanks ! that ' s awesome to hear . i just taught that series tonight at a seminar .
i ' d expect that to disrupt the picture at the end . you know , chaos theory and all that .
what does this even mean ? newcastle have one of the biggest fan bases in britain , they ' re a huge club . they have lots of money they just do n ' t spend it
you did n ' t read any of the links , did you ? the first one is an article by a rugby fan , the next two are quoting research studies that explain everything .
delete the map cache ? that normally does it for me .
gah that would be terrible . one of the things i ' m most excited for this year is spinning during sets
in a passive - aggressive manner ? can a confession be passive - aggressive ?
well , that i ' ll just yell pop really loud at the baby , okay
i use a swamp cooler in my bathroom to keep fermentation low , though it ' s not always efficient . this stout , if i remember correctly , fermented around the 68 degree f mark .
sorry , i thought you were like a few other people itt who thought spa was a spa .
that ' s great , did you already know what you wanted to major in right away or were you unsure ?
they won the fa cup , played ac milan now they play down a park .
i knew i would get down voted ahaha : p it was only a joke xd
no doubt , and further on that playing actual games . i would be fine in pick up games but the intensity of an actual game adds that extra spice that takes my stamina even quicker .
i know that the bears are n ' t interested in eating the humans because of the meat there but damn . there is no way i would chance it .
i feel like pearl would get really into cosplay . she would probably make some awesome costumes .
they ' re all screenshots taken from the green screen camera during that recording . so , genuine fear .
haha . true . when i was pregnant , he was nicknamed booger . with that name he was destined to be a nascar driver . randy the plumber is better .
so is having sex when you know that there ' s a good chance your child would have the same disability . unless you ' re having 2 generations of incest , there generally wont be any disabilities .
i ' d wear that white outfit on a yacht in the mediterranean , but not to no damn music award show .
mind blown .
yeah its holding well . i ' m only cleaning with hot water or salt and a paper towel . i think that helps to not strip the seasoning off .
would you part with it tho , it might become increasingly rare .
well , you know someone might go there , to get from point a to point b .
as i ' ve said before , there are plenty of expensive accessories i would n ' t wear unless i was a woman .
most successful gulf football team .
probably to start , but you do n ' t put a talent like mcdavid on the third for long . and then someone moves or gets demoted
deer god its started !
he is a waste of tax money , i would not have a problem if he paid his own security instead of wasting our police officers because of this nonsense . he is not doing anything good for society
which philosophers do you have in mind ?
drive like everyone else on the road is a lunatic in control of a 2 - tonne death machine going 60mph .
des moines , and i was in sioux city for college .
that was him using a vessel , as in something that outputs information .
east coast ?
spot on .
that was my first guess but i was not able to find a reference on the web .
it is but in the wrong context it ' s a racial name for a black person .
everything correct except my family is poor , and no , i have health problems .
then wait for your friends and run heists . and if you do n ' t have any , then do n ' t complain about random people .
but what would this change in the meaning in this case ? i mean its about that you do n ' t pick them . it should n ' t matter , right ?
but jv was perfect from the field last night why would we ever feed him the ball ?
that guy sells carpets , actually yeah , no watermelons in winter
to be fair , alex ich has solo killed lots of mids in the past including bjergsen and froggen .
a lot of people feel this way , and rightfully so . however , our initial tests show quite the opposite result .
serious answer : yes .
from what i understand , you have to make a reasonable effort to be concealed . add long as you ' re trying , printing or accidental display is ok .
or say you ' re choking the chicken .
her hair is also too dark and her legs are n ' t the right size .
total war : american civil war sounds boring as hell . 2 factions with the same roster ?
how is a jump a basic attack ?
i saw that too . it was like game over for that guy .
excuse me , i do n ' t see you out there walking children in nature .
i do n ' t remember it having a visual effect in the movies or a visual description in the books . i could be wrong though .
i ' m one of those people . i ' ve had a few people around me die and i could n ' t really be bothered .
it was more that he read up until then , and then figured he was spoiling his own future enjoyment and should stop .
you can , but stars will not let you play for real money unless you have foreign residency . other sites may have other requirements .
because it ' s spam .
gotcha . i had it backwards . thanks .
instead of gold , they turn it the color of dorito crumbs .
i know it ! been there , just wondering if there were any in town which are a little easier to get to
i would be interested in mississippi , florida , north carolina , tennessee , kentucky , alabama , pretty much any state in south , i am sure people would like any popular faked state though .
his big ass nose . just not colorful . like his shit is big .
would you want someone outside of their group in the tower ? all of the people from the village are worthless and would probably half ass the watch .
yeah , you ' re entirely correct . i did n ' t need to .
this is in fact the proper way to spell his name .
yup , just swaps the function of delete to backspace . do n ' t change it anyway , it ' s a better position .
is it a credit union though ? or a small bank ? we are talking about huge banks like bank of america here . not sure if they do bonuses or raises but they are probably not much if they are .
if someone speaks arabic , is he an arab ?
ah word . i need to read the fucking books . seems like a lot of shit is different .
as much as i love the hawks , in with new york on this . and on pizza . deep dish pizza is not pizza , its tomato soup in a bread bowl .
i did play it . it ' s not burnout . the overly aggressive cops ruined it for me .
honestly , i ' d consider selling it if i had n ' t just bought the holster .
so much better that you measure your skill in distance ? impressive !
i ' m actually taking them both to the vet this weekend , so that ' s good . thanks for the comment !
sassy as ever ! it was in the 80s today and she thought she was dying . then she ate all the cat food .
they already gave brady a suspension without proof .
i like where your head is . food . booze . cheesecake .
and there ' s lots of reasons why most people have a television in their living room instead of a projector .
word . thanks , and good luck recovering from the accident fellow hoops bro
we have yolks about once a week , we also add seasoning so it does n ' t taste bland by any means .
me too , i live in central america and we have mountain time half a year . so it is a mess to guess the times for streams and such
i ' m probably in the minority , but i loved the hell out of the ladies man . obviously it ' s not ww or bb level , but it was pretty damn decent .
i always call him tater - tot , or tater - tot casserole . i think the more common nick - name is tartar sauce .
i know i was joking as well . he annoyed me in the nz vs sri lanka series but i do n ' t dislike him as much as the other people do .
that ' s no problem . long sleeves or short ?
walk into a book store . you can buy the holy books of a variety of the worlds religions . should the store owner have to believe in every religion to sell them ?
race is tied to culture so no . saudi arabia is n ' t a great place to live because they lack money . it ' s shitty because the culture is shitty .
hmm , i ' ll choose to not watch it .
except that the problem occurs whether or not the second card is even physically in the computer .
haha . mind if i drop by and collect it ?
i ' ve got a little electric feel in my dark fic . i might do an actual story though . i kind of enjoy writing that dynamic .
fair enough .
trying to get a pic added .
- this one is a girl ! - i am a scot ! - close enough !
yes , put them on a towel and all the water should leak down into it . if not kind of slap them down on the towel to get water that is held in by cohesion or whatever .
how would california do without colorado ' s water ?
dipper ' s death in a dream brought on by dream pollen confirmed .
i ' d pick no one at all , than my mom or aunt crushing on me .
sprite is soda .
even better : a metroid laser tag arena where you put on samus ' s helmet with an lcd display and her armor could be the sensors for when you get hit .
that even goes back to the first persona game , unlike social links , shadows , etc . so i doubt they would totally remove the arcana system .
he was getting head .
i ' m home !
jesus that eagles - cards looked like a playoff game .
again i say , it should bother you a whole lot . their relationship is n ' t healthy , incest aside .
it ' s a kangaroo court , so unless you can prove your car did n ' t cross the bridge you are sol .
where does this exist ?
i find it easier to simply smile and nod . a person ' s diet is their own decision .
or it ' s a way to get draft picks and build for the future . but what do i know
it ' s great that system works for you . it does not work for everyone . i try to keep all of my papers organized in a shoe box , but i move a lot and things get lost very easily .
everyone in the sloth family blows bam . their diet is exclusively bam semen . without it they all die .
you do card magic ? cool ! okay , so i just looked at a card from a regular deck of playing cards at home . what card did i look at ?
gotcha . if he ' s from mason city area that explains why he chose uni . did iowa even go after him ? i did n ' t pay much attention to local recruiting back then .
a quick death !
team up guys . learning would be fun and you will learn a lot . and also , you will start doing things early and be less lazy
wcw saturday night was awesome . i love that i used to watch 7 hours of wcw a week . now i can barely manage to watch raw on fast forward , skipping it most weeks .
cbd and thc capsules are great . definitely recommend them
as i said , nobody got pregnant , so i guess i ' m just not that hot . i just hope i wo n ' t find myself in similar situation again .
you do n ' t think police , the folks who are supposed to enforce our law , ought to maybe follow it ?
they removed every reference from the first movie of the bad guys actually being the church , so yeah not sure what the plan was for those sequels .
this conversation is n ' t going anywhere
yeah but something from the start that maybe i can learn ? tht is n ' t a crime - _ -
but this study says that it benefited the lower mainland and left other areas unchanged . how could that have led to a decade of turmoil unless you ' re including outside factors ?
i could be wrong , but i think that is the skin peeled off his ring finger you are seeing dangling over his pinkie .
well to be fair they were the first bears , all the others tagged along only last century .
cool ? mounts ? i ' d rather call them badly animated piles of shit .
was kidding . you had a steak in bed and you threw it out .
it was an epic battle , worthy of the warriors who took part .
15 cents for two handjobs is a helluva bargain .
do you mean why it is n ' t considered a female fantasy ?
hrm . i better check my strips when i get home . why did they make them like that , stupid .
the weather has been gorgeous since thursday evening , and yesterday was perfect .
yo i ' ll be on a lot this weekend too , we should play some games together .
i hope he signs , too . perhaps it ' s more likely he ' ll sign with the jackets if there ' s an nhl spot waiting for him ?
we will fight the coming darkness , we will make stars , and we will not go quietly into the night . and yet in the end , it will be dark .
i would say get a tough enough snake and clean it . then you have a tough snake for the future .
i ' ve always assumed it applies from age 16 onwards as that ' s age on consent where i ' m from .
yeah - it ' s not a pad , it ' s just a liner . they ' re rarely more than a piece of paper towel and adhesive , really , but its better than nothing .
he ' s 26 , was injured all year , and was a top 10 player the year before . it ' s not even a question that you give him a max .
every goal we score is worthy of goal of year .
for most 88 year old women , much more than sitting around most of the day with a few short walks is pretty strenuous !
it is a common reason but it should not be a reason to not get involved with a person .
and actually pretty affordable , just the ancient tombs and and cities of traitors are pretty much the top expensive cards
my wedding ring gets me hit on by early 20 - year olds .
i ' m loving the 4 . 5 . poor man ' s scotty from what i ' ve heard .
yup ! it ' s great . the vinyl of 2001 ' s instrumentals are really cheap , so it exposed me to this hidden gem .
it ' s cool just wait a year and buy it for half the price .
thanks man ill ring my bell and hopefully pick someone : d
any tips or tricks one could do if they lock their keys in their car but do n ' t feel like waiting the 45 mins or more for aaa to show up ?
no . but who was talking about that ? christ was born of the line of david . a jew for those who do n ' t understand . from the line of david would the knowledge of god be given to the world .
huzzah ! someone sent me an e - book version , actually , so i ' ll be able to read it as soon as i get the proper file reader .
from what i ' ve seen , that wo n ' t be in a disaster or post - apocalypse setting . so i ' d elevate it above this list .
i assumed that was the dude ' s wife
but they move with the ball to spot it , correct ? they need someone to hold the los until the ball passes it .
it ' s not really that hard once you get used to it . it just takes a long time to do basic things . that said , it is a pretty powerful tool .
they ' re too small to get your sup on effectively . someone needs to design a river sweeper .
it ' s just popular to call being white easy mode . you can buy that argument or not as with trp . it just seemed a key characteristic to mention .
more people think that cpus are important and the company expects someone who would be buying a system to either not know or care about what a gpu is .
or a doctor ' s note .
can you get me the sku for the clear plastic bins that we use in the new pos set ?
the death recap can be useful because it tells you that you died , and reminds you revive existed at one point , and i believe it has some awesome tips , like try fighting wukong with less people
get anything good at the farmers market ?
i thought the team that drafted him had rights to him for two years or something . then after the two years they can go re enter the draft .
i ' ve never had plain powdered cayenne or jalapeno ? it sounds good though . i do really love ground smoked chipotle !
north texas is meth and tornados .
this is his toilet .
i think that sort of thing can happen . specs can change without the manual being updated .
your machine may be isolated from earth , is it bolted to the truck bed or floating on a frame ?
nice , good luck man .
my dads highschool had donkey basketball way back in the day . they put rubber shoe thingies on the hooves to keep them from messing up the court .
that ' s fucked .
i drove to town the other day to get my haircut , i parked and walked the front of the shop and thought i really ca n ' t be fucking bothered talking , so i just turned away and drove home again .
you think chickens are bad , try ducks . i ' ll never forget the great herb apocalypse of 2010 .
not if he was on probation . they get drug tested randomly .
i considered it briefly , but i do n ' t think i could go through a pregnancy and not keep the baby so it ' s not an option for me .
oh . in that case i ' m all for it .
the descendants of slaves in america today are probably a lot better off today then they would be if they were still in africa . you ' re welcome . let the down voting commence !
i guess you do n ' t know how many people are confirmed dead and how many more could die because they ca n ' t get back down .
some are rated higher than others . i ' m not sure exactly how hot they can get but they do make high heat putty specifically made for auto repair . i ' m assuming this is what op used
no trap ? did it always smell like sewage ?
i was about to say , we had sex 10 days pp but i had a vaginal delivery . it was difficult though and i felt like my vagina was gaping !
it ' s bullshit . school sucks .
pretty sure i ' ve never seen a guy with a beer gut who had a face you could mistake for a lady .
it says that the meds she was on causes an uncontrollable bladder . she knew she had to go . she asked to go . but she did n ' t just decide to wet herself . she literally could n ' t control it .
how much do you mean , like 100 keys would be fair ?
to me , it is just too long and awkward . never played anivia and vlad felt kinda okay to me iirc . played him maybe like five times only though .
i ' m failing to make the connection in taste . what in the hell does that even mean in the context of knives ? what fucking taste in knife do you like ?
would n ' t that mean that non - christians have the same obesity rates since christians have the same rate as the us average ?
wait , what ? a cop stopped you for not having your visor down ? is that a law ?
man i ' m never posting in the right place and always give people the wrong idea . i was just trying to contribute a little information , not contradict you in any way . my bad !
probably explains the never ending crime in gotham .
right . that was my initial point about why the nfl would want to listen and go through an appeal process instead of court
this is a crimson initiative . orangered is a unified force and saffron and salmon are already taking heavy losses . they should know from the start that they have our support .
google eyes chewie was n ' t finished , in my defence !
you can smell it when it is working . it ' s hard to describe the smell but it ' s definitely noticeable .
one cookie will not send you down the road to bad health . it ' s about the long term , not one piece of food you ' ve eaten .
nope it ' s about an officer making up reason to arrest a black man .
i ' m looking more for a spicy taste than a bbq but maybe the simple answer is cayenne and some chili powder
i ' m expecting the ports to be done well . imo , the future success of the mmo depends heavily on the console release . if it goes well , it could be huge for the game as a whole .
ya maybe it was lithuania i do n ' t know . one of those shitty countries in europe
i ' m talking per team , no one really sits and watches all 8 every night , they just watch the teams they like
the data miners are hiding it from us too , that ' s why it ' s the best kept secret .
pro - tip : people drown jumping from sinking ship to sinking ship . if you do n ' t want to get wet you need to abandon the ocean
hey , sadly we do n ' t take customization requests . however , we ' re working on a flavor right now that will have minor menthol notes . you might enjoy it when it comes out .
in op ' s defence he may impress some people , just not people you actually want to impress .
that ' s because there ' s no burden to prove the negative .
i love the line sal says about living a lie . i forget the exact quote .
show me an x - ray and i might believe the fracture stories . same goes for romo . until then , it ' s all hype and i do n ' t buy it .
we always knew we were not going to hold that spot . as long as we get in the playoffs , it ' s all good .
that seems ridiculous . there are far better ways to stop being a children ' s character than going through his ordeal .
the only reason i keep gatorade in my refrigerator .
yea a 5x5 program will get him hypertrophy and make him stronger , allowing him when he switches to ppl to move more weight and get more out of such program .
given how shitty this guy is , he ' s probably sent more than one innocent person to a life of solitary confinement .
parts 2 - 4 , runs in each of them . the brisk walk is something that started in part 6 .
but can you take more hits as a higher lvl ?
got a pic ?
it ' s not a question of quality .
so which part of ancap is hard to support then ?
are you saying weed cant give you visuals ? because it definitely can . take a tolerance break , rip some good weed out of bong and you will hallucinate .
that young boy was george r . r . martin
people say that it does n ' t matter whether you fused 1 or 5 at a time . each will be calculated separately . i believe this to be true because i got 2 skills up from fusing 5 at a time .
if you ca n ' t take harsh opinions good luck on getting riot to notice .
tv markets is the issue . although the fan bases might be smaller the tv markets are much much larger . this is where the real money is
does n ' t look to have been - you can still see the right - side skeleton more or less in place in the pic of the shell . it ' s just most of it burned away .
yes , i also agree because i judge 16 year olds
so that changes the fact he hardly played in the 10 games prior ?
at least my favourite in the bunch here is the french one , that ' s a bit more of an agreeable society lol
as far as the color scheme goes , i was inspired by my best of 2011 poster . the purple on the logo was because direct makes a lot of dubstep , i guess .
i ca n ' t believe i ' ve lived in hawaii my whole life but never knew about this place . i ' ll have to schedule a tour one day when i can make it over to the big island .
well , beets are . despite being vile shit . seriously , who willingly eats beets ?
well then before i purchase the food i will question them on the authenticity of the product . i will only eat cat that was raised for the dinner plate .
actual lightning is problematic all around due to light , heat and sound .
maybe next time he ' ll film horizontally .
well you know evolution does n ' t happen for a reason . it could persist because of all of those 11 reasons and the most obvious of them would still be correct .
no , gelatin is generally not in butter . it ' s just another example of something that many people have no idea what it actually is .
a lot of the british media talk about fgm amongst muslim groups and how it is a problem in the muslim world . i know it was a tangent it just seemed sort of relevant
and if you ' re in north america then you ' ve got a pretty sad way to spend your saturday night .
i ' ll take the hundred . at least then i have a small chance . with the big one i ' m screwed unless i have that throat horn thing .
the guy smiling and waving is a kid in front of the driver just resting his hands on the handles . look at the legs and arms . guy flipping off is the driver . just wanted to point that out
let ' s not forget when mystique wanted to punish rogue by trying to have sex with gambit .
sounds like brewing . keep everything clean or expect a ruined batch .
thats some minority report level shit there dude .
a couple years ago . rumors of it reopening come and go .
why does n ' t it explain it ? they are doing whatever they can to make as much profit as possible . this is just the cost of doing business for them and every other large company .
different cuts , i bet . i happen to know mine is cut with lactose , which absorbs water , so maybe that ' s why ?
so , not as nice as a lincoln ?
discreet : secret , hidden , on the down low discrete : specific , discernible points of data .
it would shift map design severely . i think exos could ' ve worked better in the game if they only allowed you to get to power positions or had a limited double jump per life .
can you point me there ? i feel fat lately
i usually take 2 scoops of creatine straight to the dome before bed and i ' m fine .
i also like to add some honey to it . makes a really nice sweet and spicy flavor
your spelling is terrible . doubt . sense .
takes a long time on one fact though idk . you do n ' t see the mass tanks until later in the game .
pis are , allegedly , sold at cost , so i doubt they ' ll be cheaper .
do i respect national socialism ? if you could put the valid argument across for it and explained to me how it could benefit society i ' d respect your attempt , regardless if i agree or not .
i realized recently i have a total thing for tearing tights open . it ' s like opening up a present then fucking it .
a lot of people do n ' t know how picky lenders can be . i once had a deal fall apart over a broken window that had been boarded up !
it ' s actually the cheat code to numerous konami games
so this is just physical prowess then ? like if the punching game at the arcade was available to all of these characters ?
it ' s mainly because it ' s so light . it ' s a fun weapon though , that ' s for sure !
signature is further up from this picture , which has more public ramp space .
exactly - and the entire roof deck gets rotted .
or at least to get the cops to warn you before they pay you a visit .
ah yes . bali . cheap booze . warm weather . i remember it fondly .
just enjoying some wonderful chinese food ! life could n ' t be better
yeah , because being black and being white is an identical experience in the us of a .
animal crossing u line ?
that ' s awesome , good for you man . looking at pictures on reddit is the closest i ' ll get to anything like this .
dude , lets see this badass skeleton dragon fight !
i work at an upscale pet store in marin think of a whole foods pet store . we have bags that degrade so fast they will start in your hands if they get sweaty
thank you , i tried copy and pasting the link but it did n ' t work .
oh man , i ' m so with you . spicy spaghetti is the best .
new protocol says he ca n ' t go within fifty feet during a fighter ' s camp in case of contact swole .
please please please tell me that the show is looking at some of our amazing chicago queens ?
hey , man , liking the same cookies , and star trek ? that ' s soulmate stuff . who would n ' t dump their wife for that ? there are extremes for everything , this is extreme fat logic territory .
resign him . he ' s a man - child . enjoy . history is on my side .
i ' ll take the lemon scented towel
yeah i would say it is certainly something to do with his difficulty .
my sister was bit in the neck by a horse when she was that age . almost died . true story .
no , i mean the human doctor they shipped out in the first episode with , i ' m pretty sure he was the only doctor on board , to deal with everyone .
at least ive helped someone ! i thought those were some kind of rivet type things on the bottom as well , which confused me ! turns out its the first time ive seen a bolt head with 4 sides .
thank you , yes i think the majority of my symptoms are a direct result of my anxiety and the fact i have n ' t been eating . im pretty sure i will be fine .
well , i guess it ' s a good thing that i drive a 2 - seater . i ' m officially optimum .
do they even have that in england , never mind the usa ? we were kinda hoping to horde it here seeing as it ' s the world ' s greatest hangover cure .
but what if they do ? they are living beings , how can you be sure of their feelings or sense of surroundings ?
lets not play dumb here . of course i mean physical exercise .
it ' s the mustache . you ca n ' t have both a soul and a mustache . it ' s the law .
not really . having them facing outwards is simply just common sense when you think about it .
and that was a roaring success at the box office .
lol flyover states . the city of oakland is legit garbage and the entire country acknowledges that
might be dehydration . i also treat vaping like drinking alcohol , whenever i vape i always make sure to drink water as well .
yeah because no fan has ever thrown anything at a player . the salt in this thread is fucking unbearable
an argument suggests that i had a differing opinion , unless you believe you ' re not a smug prick ass douche then all bases are covered . not sure what you ' re on about man .
the only time this split that wt went on the front line , he won tsm entrance to the base .
faker has been solo killed by several different players , it ' s not nearly as uncommon as people seem to think it is .
i hope not , cats need teeth
but if the game became more diverse and harder to side for , would n ' t more skill then be needed with a limited side pool ?
i would n ' t bet on the us voting for ali with how dirty us soccer is proving to be .
prosperous in terms of happiness , fulfillment and standards of living .
that ' s not true . why would it be exploitative ? the vast majority of porn actors do it because they enjoy it .
interrupted workouts between games without your heart rate staying elevated for a good duration of time is n ' t going to do much for ya . but go right ahead
you can if you want . i do n ' t , because i feel as though the heat may degrade it slightly . i have used a heat lamp once , and it dried very quickly
meaning you ca n ' t stop diablo mid charge anymore ?
so it would be stupid to dip them in ink .
use both , and fight against yourself .
really ? i ' m at a low point , please , please tell me how you meditate ? do you just sit there ?
i think you can bring matches , at least on domestic flights . check the tsa website .
so did the united states military . but using stimulants that way for extended periods of time is n ' t a good idea .
sadly , in louisiana , they do . they ' ll call the local sheriff ' s office for any and all repos .
your opinion is wrong .
he ' s the retarded cousin of sasquatch that no one but bubbles cares about .
i am planning to add lamp locations . appreciate the feedback !
he ' s actually a sub for guerrero . but might play together who knows .
oil and gas . plenty of ships transporting goods between rigs , platforms and shore .
i had never seen one until i started working in sf . there was one near work . i went there often . oh so often .
okay ; but what it sounds like to me is that you ' ve read hit - pieces about how someone is terrible and that ' s your only exposure to their position .
wait , what if they were n ' t adaptive ? like the pants were just running around on their own .
wow had no idea . his american accent is pretty damn convincing too .
do n ' t worry guys , he is holding a nickleback cd .
should make a new rangers based on major character , not the funny funny like ak , at
i would honestly take burrows over morrow at this point . morrow is a fucking plug who brings nothing to the table .
as long it crashes in a good way i ' m ok
true . looked like it was pretty low and wide , so maybe just snuck under a rib ?
is classic economics a better version ? where the money supply is n ' t controlled by sociopaths and value is based on something more than the impossibility of infinite growth on a finite planet ?
it was also , like , a joke , you party animal !
or world history . in fact , the further back you go the easier it is to wield that influence without public backlash .
how much does it say you have allocated in the f3 screen ? also , have you tried bringing your render distance down ?
mine sure is . i design the piping and vessels they are welding .
wait , is that confirmed anywhere ? only been following development since dec 2014 and i ' d never seen anything to suggest they were together .
oh yeah . i thought the same thing . they do n ' t even carry 3 - free or 5 - free brands !
good point .
i agree . a collared shirt would not work as well imo
it might ' ve been . dogs dig under that shit . plus , it is n ' t his responsibility to keep the dogs off his land by fencing , it ' s the owner of the dog .
that ' s how these people roll . i bet they have some strong internal organ that let ' s them keep balance .
i could break that . if they gave me a car for a weekend .
true , but i guess i have to be forced to write slowly , otherwise , when i speed up my writing , it looks like a giant ugly scribble .
thank you : p it ' s a letter that ' ll be in my second book .
sound familiar ?
if you ' ve only seen an edited - for - tv version of boogie nights then you definitely need to see the real thing . amazing movie . i ca n ' t even imagine it edited .
you ' ve misunderstood . the wright brothers flew for a distance shorter than the wingspan of a 747 .
i play music and write poetry all of the time .
bad move on his part . on a first date , you always take the girl out . no wonder she waited up up 100 , 000 years to try again .
i love your snapchat stories ! you do some cool stuff man .
it will more than likely end up being around that time we start , accounting for late arrival etc .
ahh ! okay ! thanks . i just remember that from my tiny little understanding of budgeting that you always take into account your past spending habits , you know ?
worth it ! working there , we try adding things to other things . that was the first one .
it ' s like a muted bark
seriously that floor is so damn greasy .
yes , an arena shooter similar to a small arms based shooter .
the fact that a company would try to use that against an individual on their official company blog should be a major red flag .
this is a good idea .
does anything come out when you burp ? is the group helpful ?
a small price to pay . i ' ll take what i can get .
no , you ' re thinking of pizza . this is more of a meat filled animal casing in a baked bun .
i hope you guys had fortunate son playing on loop for the whole day .
maybe it ' s an undergrad paper so the ta is the only other person who will ever read it and any data , even biased data , is acceptable .
the reward is in dollars . in america you would have to look around at least a little to buy non gmo dog biscuits .
would you know where i ' m from based on my accent ?
so why is n ' t the sky violet ?
yeah , your parents are absolute shit , fucking disgusting wastes of space and should be executed immediately in the most painful manner accessible . is that what you wanted to hear ?
it wont fix it , but im sure it will happen less .
truth be told , the aussies and kiwis have distinguished themselves in every war . ww1 to vietnam .
no clue what he was thinking , even gold 3 ' s would n ' t dive that shit . liss ulti under tower is at least 3 tower shots .
sorry i did n ' t mean green screens . i ' m extremely out of it today as you can tell . i meant to say the backdrop of a city behind the audience .
great , thanx . i ' ll give it a try .
i prefer james mcgill . he ' s not a big flashy lawyer but he ' s honest and he fights for the little guy .
both wrong . i ' m on a highway with two lanes on either side in the usa
and high - five a lot
yeah , seems like a tough guess
that distinction is pretty irrelevant for the subject at hand , though .
no , war machine is still faster if the gun has fast reload perks . with slow reloading guns chain of woe is better .
nicki is a far better rapper than iggy . i do n ' t like either but that seems like an unfair comparison .
i thought hep was blood to blood only ?
great . also , any chance of a voice chat system ?
i like to see a handshake from the captains at the coin toss and i like to see both teams take a knee when somebody gets hurt but that is about it .
it ' s 1000 for kilo . what it ' s measuring is irrelevant .
well , the bad news is i fell for satire . the good news is it ' s satire .
one on one on an open plane ? he ' s gonna book it out of there . not many predators will fight a fight that could kill them if they have a choice .
i ' m referring to the press release on this post . everything else has been pretty bitter and childish so i ' m glad in his final press release he stayed away from that bs .
utah here . we do n ' t have beer , so to cool it we google pictures of ohio bathrooms and indian refrigerators .
it made me horny . the guys are hot .
too bad games sucked tho . but yeah , good call .
no problem man .
a table spanning our border one half in your country the other in mine .
thank you for the tip . i could n ' t seem to lay on my side without having a coughing fit .
children do n ' t hit puberty at 6 years old .
sure , sounds like a good idea . although in movies its probably more significant than in a a very brief and insignificant scene from that game .
way to be the bigger man , after calling me a pussy .
it ' ll be like that episode of fairly odd parents were men and women live on separate sides of the earth .
i agree , but it would be nice of you did n ' t generalize as much .
they seem to care less about corruption around guns than corruption around the internet .
lol this is exactly was i was going to comment . i love liberty tree tavern , it was delicious
yep . i became addicted and it was no fun at all . had a couple close calls even . would n ' t risk it .
it ' s not literal when it comes to heated fits , it ' s more the fact that it ' s a celebrity you would n ' t associate with streetwear .
unless the reason he covers his eye and face is because he is self conscious about his mole and scar .
i feel like mages have one of the funnest combat play - throughs out of any character .
south park is your friend .
only in a short distance . if he ' s using fire bells bot is n ' t doing much for him without some other source to proc it .
did you know in the us propaganda is legal as of a few years ago ? they can just lie and there ' s no consequences .
i hear ya , i ca n ' t wait for falco he ' s my fav . there is no chance in hell i ' m missing out on him lol
no , eh ! radiation has made me an enemy of civilization !
great . i always say the more food coloring in your food , the better it gets !
pretty sure banging your kids in basement means they loose right to being called civilised , also hitler .
agreed . he had flashes of potential as a game manager type in 2013 . stats were bad but he never really looked or felt as bad as they showed .
because the shift in the smp happened around the 60s .
does knowing that to get it from the flower to the hive they eat it and then vomit it back up again when they get home make it any less magical ?
cool . so if the mold has n ' t done visible damage the starter that is in there is probably fine ?
my sarcasm was a bit blunt , my bad .
man i ' ve never found bong water to be that bad . i ' ve drank it just cause i was thirsty a few times .
checking gun shows is my only other idea . they ' re not exactly common , so it ' s going to be kind of tough . keep your eye out for parts guns too that have decent stocks .
if rebooting your entire computer in the middle of a match is a regular occurrence , you need to upgrade .
i am 23 and live in washington . it ' s called pop . lol .
maid services or house keeping .
- hey , we should add more vowels so that each sound maps to each letter . - nah , just use the five we have and mix them about , just make it so any combination can map to every sound !
well , a hard reset did n ' t fix it either . it does seem to be faster in general though . the problem only occurs in google messenger .
how many level 92 ears do you guys have on hardcore ?
to be honest , the only person i ' ve ever met in my life named ruth is a crazy religious , old lady , who takes two trips to the holy land twice a year .
i hope he makes a comeback , unless i missed him being killed somewhere along the way which would be unfortunate .
the line is under the same pressure as the keg , so the beer should n ' t lose any carbonation .
are you ok with a 2nd round pick ?
are three knives really necessary ? seems like one knife duct taped to the end of a broom would make a pretty deadly and useful weapon .
i ' ve seen some men who are , no women who are . with dogs there ' s loyalty exceeding what humans seem able to have .
yep , it ' s a minefield . i do n ' t do them unless it ' s a huge group .
cheers man . im digging your pixel art too , keep it up : d
ac milan is still a massively prestigious club . that combined with the new owners coming in and bringing with them i presume a promise of investment in the squad .
do you even know why they left ? they had to or they would be forced to forfeit an esea match .
you just described a very delicious evening for me .
the professional - grade , electronically - launched fireworks are still illegal , but that does n ' t really stop anyone here , either , especially in the country .
the york police budget comes directly from the tax payer .
this is correct . my shipping address for my order is with attention to my name but their address . i would imagine they would just leave whatever you got in the box and call you to pick it up .
it ' ll destroy the earth via gravity alone . the electric charge is a lot stronger , it will definitely destroy the sun and possibly a few other stars too .
i give him credit for that porto season . it ' s arguably a weaker league though .
you ' re being a pain in the ass . do n ' t say shit online that can get you punched in the face if said in real life .
my office shook for a bit , but not as bad as it did earlier today . still , a bit unnerving .
artists as in actors ? could n ' t care less . musician ' s . i find i will only follow those with whom i can identify with , often through songs , which can have political or social content .
this is great advice .
you ' ve lived a sheltered life !
and the vegetables were pretty tired while they were destroying officer jim beet ' s headphones . beat beets beat beet ' s beat beats .
people in a bar want to piss , not overthink stupid ideas .
maybe little guy just ran out of food .
amen ! and fill the bowl to the fucking top with water .
all my mods came from the in - game browser . does that work on workshop or is it from the site ?
meh , i dont really care . it dont think they should focus on this as it would change nothing to the gameplay .
that would be awesome . with the wolf head as hat !
the point is just pick some random thing in history and file a claim it would would be equally valid since ww ii reparations are already paid .
no way , what role did your mom play ?
the pillows on the right of the picture . those were the first to go in my house because my dog likes to carry them around to lay on . she would turn all red .
i ' d hate to see the containers the crew in the stock room have to deal with when those suckers come in .
well to be fair to him it ' s not like glue is an invention of a post - electric society . at least that ' s how i saw it so it did n ' t appear inconsistent .
i really want to get into red wine . but to me , it ' s vile . i do n ' t taste all these things everyone seems to , it all tastes like fruity vinegar to me .
makes a lotta damn sense , thanks m8 : d
now it takes like an hour and a half to get anywhere with public transportation .
no one in particular . i just asked for a sith lord in a tomb and this is what he came up with . i guess we can go with darth scourge .
workout regimen : throwing tantrums
if thats your preference , then there is no problem . what i have an issue with is why people , both men and women , view men who are even slightly emotional as weak .
nope . i would n ' t leave my bed . nope . i ' d be a big lazy slob .
honestly , i do it once a week for comfort , not sex . gets uncomfortable if i wait too long .
you grab a bottle of vintage cheese and try to open the door . the door is locked from the outside . what do you do ?
i might end up just buying both honestly . i will probably just buy a tugboat clone
my first day off experiences in europe involved flying from amsterdam to venice . i spent a long amount of time staring out the window at those mountains . so beautiful .
have it on ps4 will rebuy , loved it !
is building a small pc not good ? will i not be able to upgrade it in the future ?
if it ' s not literally the best song of the decade , kanye let us down
i saw someone pull out pink powder at a party once . it was coke , that had been cut with baby laxatives .
get your agency to test the fuel . they ' ll be able to tell if it ' s the correct grade
do you have a binder ? i might be getting all the disks i need from another trade
you can walk inside to get to a funeral home ? why do you live in a funeral home ?
it ' s hard after all that training . imagine the amount of food she needs to eat to keep her body in peak athletic condition !
yeah , i thought he ' d torn his acl or something . that ' s my gut feeling every time a player goes down now because of how many we ' ve had in recent times .
because it was too long . learn to be succinct .
i do n ' t think so . i ' m calling this is the full song , though i definitely hope i ' m wrong .
just talking about how realistic outside looks from the plane when you look through the windows .
are there any channel that live stream themselves eating ?
fuck . i have a mustache as part of my beard . i must be a cop .
i live in nova scotia , canada
because the decision specifically applies to women .
mountain view is a little bit of a haul from the main city , but for good work i ' ll suggest it .
renly was a real stag . maybe not a warrior , but certainly of the correct royal blood .
i think we should just call them capitalists and move on .
oh that does n ' t seem too long . alright , i ' ll be waiting to hear from you . thanks a lot !
who ' s foul was worse , the assault or the accident ?
the micro potential was still there , dude . they did n ' t need to make pick up range 3 miles to make opportunities .
shield domes go back to pulp scifi with bikini ' d space warrior princesses on the cover .
yeah , that ' s a nice area . you can stop at the farms and they ' ll usually let you check out the horses and give you a small tour .
depends how thick the slab is . even then it ' s more work and a messier job than snapping lines and cutting with a garden hose and chop saw .
even worse . yay for being a white chick in america . i often forget how fortunate i am to have been born here 30 years go .
just the tip .
i do n ' t think he ' s being real . i ' m a lefty too and left handed forks sound like bullshit
um , there are riots in australia . iirc , there was a race riot about 10 years ago in response to a similar situation as the one in baltimore .
maybe the teacher has n ' t posted anything yet
high bar squats , ohp , bb bulgarian split squats , arnold ' s , single leg hamstring curls , db lateral raises , bb hip thrusts , and some form of calf raises .
make him chancellor they said , what could go wrong they said .
the question : but if you meet a friendly horse , will you communicate by morse ? the answer : apparently yes .
which is way more fun .
i was making a joke . i agree .
oh ! sorry i did n ' t think of that , lol . you still did a good job !
not quite , herc tells levy that he got someone to run a name and background check and it only cost him a round of drinks , so levy gives him access to the expense account
nah , you are not wrong , what ' s wrong is the world .
oh you ' re absolutely right , i ' ve always found punisher to be ridiculous , i ' m just saying it is n ' t sandman who ' s taking him down
i get this too ! i get a little hungry at first , but it passes fast if i do n ' t eat anything , and then a few hours i just feel sick .
i ' ve never had to get one , thankfully . other than an absurdly high interest rate how else are they predatory ?
it wasnt an advanced scanner . when they scanned my id , is the information they scanned stored somewhere ? or once its scanned its gone ?
but that requires actually talking to someone . ca n ' t do that !
that ' s another thing that irks me is when people think its unique to change the way its spelled . a unique name does n ' t make a unique person .
definitely not true . they want another spot also .
well , just wait for the other 3 of the big five , and we ' ll see who ' s victorious . it ' s so hard to resist upvoting man
you must not be from a horrendously shitty part of a city , people do n ' t call the cops for gunshots a lot .
does n ' t seem to be coming from the speakers , but from a component on the back of the tv . guessing the new power supply , but not positive .
holy crap that ' s nice
yeah forest hills . couple of cars stalled out in it . the water is deepest at the intersection .
you only need 1 game a month .
its really only addictive on the short term if you do nitrous on l , then do it sober , you wont get addicted to it just do it
assuming he is a southern boy , with only 3 bars in his hometown , i ' m going to say he probably is looking for a bar and not so much a club .
or just break off .
i visited istanbul two years ago and i loved it , i would definitely go there again
a father discouraging his son to sign with the team that drafted him ? well i never .
i thought it was a bear .
for some reason i really do n ' t like the guy , so i have been noticing this as well .
only because the movie did . i ' m not sold on time being a dimension .
if you wanna take my advice , it ' s a bad place to be a student . nothing goes on there .
damn straight . follow your passion . edit : i asked my middle - school boy what he would do in your shoes , and he said japanese before i even finished the question .
he already did more than enough to secure an outrageous resume before then . he also clearly was past his prime
it probably is , but when i know a twist which happens to the main character in the ending i ' ll be really bothered when i watch it . maybe i ' ll pick it up later , when i forget about it .
cheers for the reply , i have looked around the internet but could find no definitive answer , i guess their status is up for negotiation if greece has to default and leave .
i find that word confusing and i ' m gonna go get a dictionary
or splinters at all , really . something so tiny causes such an uncomfortable kind of pain .
the moon is in space , that very much involves space .
to me , that ' s understandable . exos existed on earth at the time of the collapse and so would be found there .
oh man , if it does end up being a rico case , bring the fucking popcorn . that ' s going to be amazing to see .
constitutional lawyer can get a new car and a few bucks for you from the gov if you have a case .
my sadness when i put him in as my flex since keith is out this week , and he looks in lulu . goodbye fantasy points , hello lack of damage and a few assists .
he could prolly play striker if he got time to ease into the role if we ' re being honest , it ' s just that playing at bayern and especially this season there ' s no time to do that .
no we need revolution and to abolish money and the whole class system .
nah its pretty op . shadow tag would let it set up for free essentially .
11 ? i thought you said 1 . i wondered why you were overreacting .
source ? here in the uk , history gcse includes a long essay about the native americans , one of the main parts being about the hunting of the buffalo to near extinction .
do n ' t give her ideas .
ask him now . he could die tomorrow .
not if it ' s done well . the evil dead reboot and maniac remake were some of the best movies i ' ve seen in recent years
haha . if it were up to me the south would be part of scandinavia or northern europe . : p
of course . give glitter flair for the lulz
so all you do is screw over poor people .
sometimes you can just hear the music through their headphones so it is n ' t like that ' s going to help .
ok cool ! ca n ' t wait
sex at dawn . read it .
i would only turn on the gamepad when entering a heli just for this . for for infantry combat it ' s utter garbage against others with mouse and keyboard
why should you go to jail for a crime somebody else noticed ?
that ' s sad . i bet if i showed facts that whites people commit more crime than blacks you would n ' t cry racist .
there must be something about the laid back nature of voice acting that lends to a long life .
he should join the club , we meet wednesdays in the town hall . i bring snacks !
work hard , play hard ! keep it up !
well his name was dan . dan the lion . she really died from internal bleeding and a shredded vagina . never put dan the lion near any hole .
wanna hang out sometime ? not to cuckold or anything . you just seem cool
yeah , most likely scenario if cro comes back .
my old phone has more vram than your computer . please upgrade your equipment , this hurts to think about .
rather like 10 , 000 years behind . 2000 years ago the middle east was a cultural lighthouse .
it ' s kind of the same . except that you try and do it in small restaurants , or elevators .
yeah ! i think that ' s her name at least . very nice , very knowledgeable . i do n ' t live in city either but go fairly often .
i can pretty much guarantee that you will cut yourself at one point in your career . get used to the idea or get a desk job .
thanks a ton man ! haha only muscle that stayed around on me when i lost weight , thanks a ton , yeah definitely gunna keep hitting the traps .
that ' s excellent news and also does n ' t violate my no - buy . thank you .
i ' ve closed off the arena due to the lag that has already been caused from the bug .
you would have first hand knowledge enjoy your ignorant existence , i just glad i ' ll have nothing to do with it
this is one of the most ignorant things ive ever read . no amount of direction or standard will describe everything . jesus .
it ' s a medallion given out by the city that has to be bolted to your car in order for you to pick up random fares from the side of the road .
you stop that .
not to mention , united all of europe and most of the world , with the expansion of the metric system .
i would n ' t pay more than 6 , 500 for that . even that would be high .
we are full up right now , sorry , i ' ll reply to ping you when i get a slot .
yeah , that open side pocket - i just dump my keys in there and then put a water bottle on top . really good design .
you can , unless a black person or white woman disagrees with you .
dude that ' s flat out red neck engineering !
it ' s not to create change . it ' s to force the administration to issue a response . that ' s it . that has always been its intention from day one .
ah ! damned good point .
i ' m not your vocab quiz , book report !
ahhh the less disgusting cousin of springfield , right down the road
in terms of australia it would n ' t be expensive because their wages are higher so cost of living is higher .
it felt so dirty rooting for you guys to win .
i was n ' t bald ! lol
chill man . also how is it immoral to have consensual sex ?
i liked the basement , which was a bit more masculine but it always ended up as a place for staff to hide from customers and dick around .
punching trees with my bare hands to start my survival does not sound very appealing to me .
so our sword carrier needs to be better than two ground pounds per kneel , but somebody ' s dying to a mostly - stationary object when cover is available ? who put this dream team together ?
you find that easier than scrolling through items on - screen ? i ' ll have to give that a shot .
seriously . it was getting depressing around here towards the end of winter .
its not that hard to switch your version back to 1 . 8 . 5 to play the outdated maps , in case you did not know .
this is exactly my taco seasoning recipe . tastes great and no flour !
are you trying to bait people into calling you transphobic ?
it ' s pat the movie !
how did he cheat ? that ' s a new one . and who did he murder ?
i do n ' t think so with the way the khl is running nowadays .
if your going to downvote me , then tell me what this database does which other databases do not .
it ' s not just gulf oyster . even new england oysters will get to that size no problem . they just tend to harvest them younger .
you should ' ve swiped right - and then said nothing . if she talks first , call her out on how you should be the one pursuing her and then never speak after that .
i agree , but i still think he ' s the number 3 priority at best . restructuring revis and retaining mccourty are much more important imo .
sure . thats fine with me
that ' s kinda funny because cortana was originally written as british .
if i pull my gun i ' m shooting , this is n ' t the movies where you monologue for 15 minutes . the second they are in my sights i shoot till they stop moving .
four liters of diet coke and two extra large pizzas every night to yourself while watching the kardashians .
fel reaver was the mvp of my only 11 run . seemed that people left him on the board to try and burn all of my cards but were never able to do it fast enough .
uhhh pepper vinegar go on greens . fl panhandle anyway .
ah , yes . a local chai place introduced me to it , and i fell in love with it .
worked in a native bar . was called racist names often . thank goodness i had my white privilege shields up and my institutional power belt on .
if we ' re only basing this off personal opinions , i ' ve had that light for six years now and i ' d take it over my knife any day of the week
yeah i ' d email the devs , if it ' s so hard to find then i would n ' t be surprised if they just give you it .
can you give me a user agent string that works that i can add to my switcher ? i deleted most of the ones it came with so all i have are firefox windows and firefox linux .
well , warren can join in , if they insist !
well wait no more ! glad to provide !
thanks ! it was a great learning piece . it honestly did n ' t take very long either
king would stomp , he is way more powerful and versatile . he wo n ' t be engaging in hand to hand combat and i doubt sensei could get close .
google auto - translated page and spoiled for me as well
i would visit a food truck named tiki - taco .
letting them choose which card to discard would be a lot worse .
this is probably my favorite book of all time . i guess i just love that feeling .
people started to feel sorry for me i was on crutches for so long .
mind pming me examples of this interaction ? i finished the game but went for both so i missed these . gonna go triss route my next play through so i probably wo n ' t see these for a while .
of course he was . how else would they have known he was god ?
i currently have a d2 . do you know if is be able to use the car adapter from the d4 with my d2 ? having the d4 at home and 2 in my car would be sweet .
quick , take this grant money !
i do n ' t think it ' s possible to run out of work when it comes to offering free art . post it up when you get it and hopefully i ' ll be able to get around to it .
i like to think of it as the perfect steak . its inexpensive , flavorful like you said , and cheap ! what more can you ask for in a steak ! edit : spelling
no . their light would not turn green the instant your light turn red . there ' s maybe 1 second delay .
i did n ' t say anything else , but in my eyes it does n ' t speak for the music if you recommend to listen to it while on drugs .
we will show them the real feathers to fear .
that makes sense . i need to check it ' s focused next time . i also need to stop using this camera , probably . thanks !
yeah but you see that in tv and movies all the time . i ' ve never seen anything like that .
everyone keeps making completely different scenarios to try and change the point .
you gotta know someone yo get shit in d town there is n ' t much of an open market i ' ve found
no . they ' re correct . the liberal votes would n ' t stop the bill but now harper can claim that not only his party supported it .
not sure if feasible but my high school sells mattresses for their football team . big profit compared to candy bars .
ok , but if you ' ve designed something from the ground up and use a new design rather than the old design , you ' re probably wanting to keep the new design .
phallic ? as is a penis ? phallic my ass . both genders have dreadlocks .
i thought it would be ok , but i just decided to install it as is .
if the rags and hawks play in the scf the team to take a 3 - 1 lead will lose the series ?
yu pho kim long , nice ! ca n ' t wait to play with you
better than the offensively named eskimo pie .
connoisseur : an expert judge in matters of taste .
i do n ' t think zing means what you think it means , but your assessment of whoosh is spot on .
private university that hosted a public event where these people were taped .
you ' re right . come to think of it , if i was a real american i would n ' t have done a lot of things , like voted twice for barack obama as president .
well , we probably would have , if you had n ' t had your little temper tantrum and thrown all our tea off a boat . tea is a serious business , my american friend . you brought this on yourself .
when i wrote the caption i was thinking movie but book is sooo much better . excellent work !
yeah . i think that would be the best thing to do . iirc , he ' s never been in the playoffs so it would probably benefit him if he was well tested before hand imo .
arbiter is definitely in it but we do n ' t know yet if we ' ll get to play as him . i hope so , though .
him passing by the trophy on his way inside is one of the most memorable moments in football for me . gained a lot of tragedy after the game had ended , too .
well , inter ' s best shot at a cl spot right now is by winning the el anyhow .
i do n ' t know . i ' ve never done it that way . what i did to have my nat open all the time was to forward the ports needed by xbox live on my router and a reserved static ip on the console .
did you literally think that someone who lived in singapore would not know it ' s a separate country ?
it is okay brother , all is forgiven .
it ' s all fun and games until you happen to find yourself in one of the groups that everyone ignores the plight of .
they so many accessories and it ' s such a great price .
it was that toasted honey goodness at the end of a long trek home .
south korea is the same . pollution from china i assume
i have never heard of this beer .
lol you ' re acting like the bartender has a responsibility to this man
thanks . a pea seems really big , should i give it to him in small pieces ?
i am actually black .
this would easily be offset by fewer accidents from traffic being stopped .
no idea man , i just know that there are things that need to be looked for .
please tell me you gave your baby a drag appropriate name .
slight misconception . he hates magic , he is quite powerful , it ' s just in character he wo n ' t use it .
i like that when it hit hd somebody pointed out its actually just random geometric shapes and not a boat at all .
yeah , i was just saying , means the same thing really .
irons , you point boat directly into wind
it gives you the freedom to not have to sit at a writing desk every time you need to write something . ca n ' t carry a quill and ink with you in your pocket like you can a pen .
i ' ve never done the popsicle thing but not a huge fan of pulling nose hairs
i find that it ' s more common with shy men
everyone needs a little more paul rudd in their life !
you mean like a knife or gun or the penis ?
cuz you ' re also tasting blood probably
yea i ' ve got a question . who would have been your ideal final 3 and why ?
you must be really fun at parties .
more people need to be like you and respect that people have different taste instead of acting like the darkness of their roast is proportional to their dick size .
but steelers play in orange and black ! edit : and we have a legit reason for the name . we used to make the most famous steel in the world .
check the first panel again , it ' s clearly belgium .
it is done ! and daddy is getting me ice cream
when i say concert i am thinking of a single band with an opener . what are you thinking ?
a whole book in a notebook ? wow .
do n ' t you hate it when you procrastinate on something for something for so long but then you finally do it and it did n ' t take that much time .
do you know if there is a way to download those shows from the bbc site or do i have to install that bbc app to play it on my phone ?
i broke mine about two years ago and keep forgetting to buy a new one . every time i sew i scream in frustration for not having one .
damn i want that outfit in - game now . you should be a concept - artist for bioware . god knows they need a better one . xd
interesting ! yeah it does n ' t feel like a bad thing , but i just noticed sometimes i am very indecisive and lean towards sitting in one place for hours . but i ' d like to be more adventurous !
if cockroaches tasted like lobster , i ' d totally eat them with some melted butter .
hmm , you think black would be better ?
i ' m thinking anything outside the realm of black , white , brown , tan , and maybe the occasional subtle blue .
nvm lol , sry didnt read that
a fetus is not a human , sorry .
no , they were pretty bad . read about them when they took over north africa . very rapey .
on behalf of all natives , i thank him for all the civilization he had brought .
should yes . but after watching the simulation for a bit i watched garbage trucks driving through the ambulances .
my bad . i really thought genetics caused the various differences in human beings . guess i slept too much during biology .
it looks awful . i honestly wonder what the hell they were thinking . i wish they ' d just make a self driving car that looks somewhat normal .
except it ' s impossible to control what and who you ' re attracted to , by your logic a person is wrong and depraved because of the way they were born .
of course , but that is only their rules . if they decide to give you information about report you sent then they can just change rules . every patch you agree to them anyways .
same for most sports , soccer is the weird one that does n ' t have an all ireland team
ive never made a lanyard before , do you have any tips for making them ? currently i ' m cutting them using my snub nosed fabric scissors .
i swear that chirp is my favourite sound in the world for some odd reason .
if vick sells for more then yeah . i would definitely do the calvin trade only because he ' s going for alot more right at the moment and you can probably sell him for 2 of bo
wait really ? never saw anything on that , have a link ?
did n ' t curry even go through the protocol twice just to make sure he did n ' t show signs of a concussion ?
i was kinda both , i had a energy sword for a prop so i took some as a halo spartan but if anyone asked me who i was meant to be i did the caboose voice .
my stupid girl cat get stuck in everything if i do n ' t clip her claws regularly .
i dunno , i ' m with you on the smoothness and class parts , but rogen seems like a pretty confident fellow .
that is what i meant , the correct seller should be amazon .
i was thinking the same thing . it ' s funny that everyone in these comments are saying that was cringe when i would put money on redditors doing that .
which sections you mean ? so far there have n ' t been any part i do n ' t like . the fight module would be the only weak spot of this game
yeah , i always finish my workouts with any accessory lifts i want to do .
that is a good valid point . in this case i can see him being called up as a possibility i forgot that we needed two teams for the two tournaments .
i ' ve read a ton of those too . awesome series .
you need to cut it with icing sugar though .
i put mine into romance : erotic but they are full length novels .
you would return as your house just started on fire .
well , good thing you wore pants to work that day .
this is anecdotal , but kids in my old high school used to have knife fights with kids from the french school up the hill .
u know better man ur right . sorry .
but not regular sniper school , moon cadet sniper school .
you ' ll die because the next health fad herbal supplement your high school dropout personal trainer raves about is probably going to be filled with arsenic and mercury .
do n ' t lose hope . check your pm .
i work at a print shop , so i occasionally do cards . i guess it ' s close enough . no fun ones though !
understood . i also control the northern and eastern provinces of uganda .
hey man do n ' t be hating on short people , we have feelings too ! source : i ' m 5 ' 6 .
whenever someone refuses to remove it for some reason . that ' s what courts are for . to work out legal issues . it would probably be something which goes to small claims court .
that ' s unfortunate , what medical disease do you have ?
imo it would make more sense to have tp win slightly more games vs people who actually are the same rank as you since mmr is n ' t visible .
ok i ca n ' t stop laughing at this , i ca n ' t tell if you ' re playing along or do n ' t know what a shout is
the new t6 command ships look awful in my opinion . i do like the guardian cruiser , but given the choice , i ' d fly a galaxy class t6 any day .
yeah , i feel like women are n ' t actually bothered with the idea that men are always ready , and have found they are actually really upset when you are n ' t .
every time you think they ' re going to go on a run , a couple of them pull up lame .
i must find this woman , and marry her for that exact reason .
is n ' t that his choice though ?
true . all religion preach peace but extremism in anything is bad .
what does flame aura do ? i know it give the affect of a torch . but idk what those effects are .
most likely all products are a collaboration between engineers , designers and advertising departments .
how the fuck is he suppose to warn with people ? get out of the care and build a fucking sign ? use his loud speakers attached to his car ? or drive the speed limit
really ? i was told by one of the guys at the game store it would be wizards . i ' ve been waiting for them to make an adventure , especially since it ' s a new edition and everything .
do you happen to know if you tend to sleep on that side ? that would explain why one side is nearly healed while the other is developing irritation bumps .
but doing those things are acceptable in capitalism . they either do it or they get it right ? they are just living by the absurd rules society creates .
you gotta bring backup , man . you ca n ' t just venture into the depths with one light source .
he does n ' t want to kill him , just knock him off the body .
oh god kira ' s dance was the best .
so true ! i buy them all the time for my autistic clients .
how short should it be . like above the ears or just trimmed up a bit ?
oh that ' s a sweet price . i ' ll keep that in mind if i decide not to use the sheet protectors anymore . wish i did that in the first place lol . can i get a pic of one , by chance ?
there ' s also that magic jar that can make poison every day . if i had a player that wanted to use poison everyday , i ' d find a way to get him that .
i ' m pretty good at geography honestly . combination of not knowing time zones very well , and it being almost 1 am certainly does n ' t help . also , sweet . i has tag .
ha ha , after reviewing my video i realized my camera could have been pointed higher . either that or i was staring at the ground the whole time .
this is the correct answer . not so much that he did n ' t find exxon attractive , but given the low price of oil in the foreseeable future , there ' s higher returns out there .
haha , thanks dude !
hmm i ' d say tabby ! i ' ll post a picture in a sec
that ' s why i said leak . i ' m sure they film , but what gets released is only what they want to get released . this does n ' t seem like a very strong propaganda video to me .
that ' s awesome ! what do you write ?
no you are thinking of the stuff piano keys are made of .
the rate changes are n ' t arbitrary . there are very valid criticisms of uber , let ' s not make things up .
was n ' t even a consideration , if you think homeopathy is the breadth of alternative medicine you know virtually nothing about it .
chimera arc was long and tedious at points but the payout at the end was worth it to me .
not being able to enter the chalice dungeon is locking out around half of the total weapons in the game right now .
yeah he ' s going to put in the fog lights tomorrow , still had to go buy them . and as for the winch possibly , just have to find a way
flipping the page on a license form is not difficult . nice generalization though .
exam period starts on the 13th , how are all of yours around the 20th ?
steam does n ' t log in - game time for non - steam apps .
i ' ve gone to see bands at local bars that advertised via pamphlet handout . was generally good .
that would be one issue with swirl , however you can slow the movement down to get thicker lines , or just build taller to get the same total amount .
yeah , i was a little surprised to read that futures end would n ' t be ending on 52 . that ' s always been dc ' s go to number for just about everything .
absolutely . costumes like these take thousands of man hours spread across many months to complete .
she finished hers a bit earlier than he did and watched him finish with a beam .
what are you talking about ? she can initiate well , peel , lockdown and has mobility on top of being ranged .
the deep west .
let ' s go man ! i ' m cutting too
out of curiosity , why is that ?
have some money to spare , so i was thinking about upgrading my pc . the gpu would be a good upgrade , as it would improve my pc ' s performance during gaming the most .
meh . the water you drink has touched the anus of countless animals . oysters are delicious . mmm , poo flesh .
now you can just mash r1 through the whole game . i ' m so excited , but now i do n ' t know what to do with my repair powders .
i feel like i should have thought about that when it happened and i ' m kicking myself for it now haha but i ' ll keep it in mind next time since i ' ll likely spill something again .
but then you ca n ' t set up cameras to catch the ensuing fun .
no place will swap it , expired 2013 , i had been getting a local station to fill it up for me but its getting in rough shape now too
well , they should at least provide her with explanations for the delays - the requests do have a legal status and they ' re from a td no less .
i do n ' t have an external hard drive though , so i ' m out of luck on that part ?
you want someone else to write content for your website ? just write your own .
this is why i think the show will end with season 3 . the house usually falls before placing every card in a deck .
are you enjoying all your new fun play time with b12 ?
the only religion that does n ' t take all your money .
sadly most people only see one side of a story and start judging .
this is now my official favorite space wolf - related quote .
wrong and yes .
this woman ' s case has been ongoing for over a year . fuck right off .
no , just bet the pass line and free odds . free odds are the only fair bet in the casino .
no . however , i have seen star wars . nice user name .
false . black bear .
i agree with that recommendation . i did n ' t mean that it took 2 - 3 days to fully recover , just to replenish to the point that you feel normal again .
yeah , i think they should be mine - able as long as they have n ' t been triggered . once triggered , that ' s it .
yep , how do you know when asians have moved into your neighborhood ? when the mexicans get car insurance .
they ' re a part of his bio - field now , or at least protected inside of it . ant - man would be a foreign bio - field within his .
richer , higher - alcohol wine . most of the time it ' s sweeter too . goes down easy and helps you keep warm .
i ' d go with since i ' ve been loving you , but that may just be because it ' s my favorite zeppelin song .
apart from the part where they ' re in reception . next to all the other people .
thank you so much and there is no difference between the compendium and the comic books story wise right ?
i ' d just hope the earth is n ' t affected by the huge gravitational pull of all the hamplanets as they ' re being launched into space !
yup . law ' s just obvious because you get him free at vr .
hold on to your hats , kids !
while i do n ' t think it looks good , keep it if you want . but why take a picture of it . can you imagine a guy posting a selfie talking about his arm pit hair .
it ' s entertaining yes , but his writing ? it ' s like a rough draft from a college student . he needs an editor , i should apply .
stupid duck - horses .
in front of the person who was not invited ? absolutely not , that ' s a dick move . i ' m cajun , we ' re very very respectful people , it ' s ingrained in us .
no im 18 , i hate ass holes who leave because they want to . they ruin the fun im having . i cant have fun when its a 4v5 and were getting destroyed .
you better deliver on this , or i ' ll flip a - no fuck that , that sounds painful . you guys are crazy .
i find it really strange that you ' re at - 2 points for simply stating a fact . while affirmative action can mean that race is a factor in enrollment , quotas are definitely illegal .
is n ' t europe different with their degrees - your bachelors and masters are basically merged into one ?
i traded it for 35 euros worth of items , any idea how to not lose it and be as safe as possible ?
yeah i am . where was the crow bar ?
what about at least a smoke or a flash to delay ?
it is not a show without flaws , but it is a great story . i rewatch it every couple of years .
well , they both almost wiped out all life on earth .
level 31 ! : d
that ' s a great idea ! one of my best friends owns a vet clinic ! i did n ' t even know people microchip bunnies !
how do you know she was a criminal ? nypd officers make illegal arrests and do corrupt shit all the time .
agreed , i was moved by the entire scene . i will be really upset if he does n ' t get an emmy for it .
cut off his left arm and leg . do n ' t worry , he ' ll be all right .
ima give you a hug bro . no need for jerks like that .
i ' m not a bike guy , are you joking or serious ?
hahahaha so true . he goes insane !
you got to check it out . i study and get stuff done for work there almost every evening . great selection of beers , good coffee , nice people and fast wifi . hope to see you there soon !
no , no , no , he was paralyzed for a few minutes before he died . he just got a free , rushed shipping death as a bonus .
hey , i am looking for a steel safari ! add me ?
wait , really ? i have n ' t heard of this one . can you link me to that thread ?
the carbonation offsets some of the sweetness of the soda . if you drink some soda that lost its carbonation you get to see just how much sugar is actually in there !
god dammit , i just woke up the husband because i snorted so loud . thanks for the laugh !
hmmm , had n ' t thought about it from that kind of viewpoint . that ' s a good point .
front load washers are grotesque - run your hand between the door and the rubber rings - stagnant disgusting water . top loaders might not look cool but they arent filthy swamps .
nothing like lying down and letting it go with the lmg .
that is not going to happen , and bjp is going to go for power over 370 , at least at this stage . bjp is not even going to approach the 370 issue without absolute majority in the state .
cleaner ? dont know about that , im on a 3rd piggy and they always find a corner in thier cage and shit and piss in it .
so is this invalidated ? or will this do but in the future if this same thing happened i need to make it news ?
the slowdown ended a month ago .
being part of team lebron aka rich paul counts for something in the nba too .
have fun finding rental properties .
maybe your dog is trying to get you to ditch your man and stat playing for the same team ? and i do n ' t think dogs understand the concept of what is attractive .
oh fuck those dolls . i lost a few hc chars to those back in the day .
there ' s a guy in my bjj class with one arm who is killing it . we do n ' t get sorted by weight so much as skill , but i feel like getting subbed to a one armed man is like losing to a girl .
it is just a little bit but it ' s still intact . edit : i can just use my mutation x
if i swing a left at the cross path with all the hunter gunners ?
that ' s like way too deep man .
honestly , this sub makes it seem like the norm . there are plenty of other vaping forums where everyone is more mature about vaping , reddit just seems to attract the younger more immature ones .
i would n ' t ' ve watched this if he was n ' t asian .
i want to see snow crash and diamond age brought to film really bad . i think both might work better as tv series though . they ' re pretty tough to fit into two hours .
you need to reread the above comment . he is finding it not fair that the thin person is squished in . i expect at least some reading comprehension from our users here
you ' ve got a point there , haha . unless you guys have a hidden underground population that really enjoys netflix .
baby , you ' re a firework .
those will work , but for that they are n ' t necessarily better than one you can just mount to the kayak . that will be a lot less work than a bluetooth system .
what is the reason behind it ?
true , triple h ca n ' t hold a candle to vince ' s business degree from east carolina university
exactly . if an african developer wanted to make a fantasy world based on ancient african culture and mythology , i doubt many would question why there are n ' t any white people in it .
dude , just shut up . you obviously do n ' t know what you ' re talking about .
performance anxiety . try to learn some techniques to calm yourself down . the pills work but if you are really nervous they still might not
great biography . learned a lot of great things about him . i recommend for all your crazed rock star story needs .
there is actually a science behind scary movies . being frightened together makes you form a bond and are therefore more likely to put your fingers in the horses mouth .
i dont think it is a city , i thought you had to have a cathedral to be a city
oh yeah ? well i party at the penthouse penthouse
geez , and here i am thinking every single place that is n ' t cash under the table has set up direct deposit and is getting people paid friday , or at least has checks ready on friday .
windows is better for gaming , true , but cmon . dota is also on this platform and some people play it . i got mac for work .
there is no single , simple answer . if there were , we ' d have fixed it by now . this is one part of a larger solution .
this is correct , and why more experienced abathur ' s try to burrow to pushed tower lanes , so that they can soak the exp while cannons kill and symbiote elsewhere .
i ' m not worried about imaginary points . i ' m worried they are going to make people stop coming to the sub , so the content will all turn into spam crap .
i would do horrible things for a bioware type rpg set in the stargate universe . and it would work so well too .
yes but it ' s quality meat . if you want walmart meat then buy sam ' s . personally , i would never eat walmart meat .
weird how he was never convicted of crime then , eh ? i guess the courts saw it differently .
i hope your employer has a hell of a life insurance policy .
pnw is amazing . rainy winters sure but rain just means incredible green wilderness areas . summer in the nw is something special
well bring it big boy ! enlighten me . what should they have called them instead of indians ?
piece of mind ?
i ' d keep quiet so i would n ' t have to lie . anyway , thanks . i do know that ' s probably what i ' m gonna have to do .
most should just be flowering now - i guess the growing season in houston starts early .
true , but when the man leading the production of the show says he ' s dead , i ' m going to take his word for it .
until it catches a good gust and kills someone . this could become one of those situations where the solution ends up being a new problem .
yes , thank you . feel kinda stupid now
i never said i was n ' t one . i can separate my online life with my irl life though . it ' s not like i ' m judging every weeb out there . only the ones that take their love to the extreme .
what i read is , every time we learn a little bit more about the truth , dw is embarrassing himself , retroactively .
i ' m pretty sure the car ' s end is receive only .
the police will investigate the police to let us know if the police did anything wrong . wanna take bets on the answer ?
there ' s no way to justify a pun that bad .
i love the nights , cold weather , and winter . i think you ' re the miserable person for associating those things with misery .
home depot will fill it too .
as far as specs goes , as long as it has wifi capabilities and can run a browser , it will work great for our students !
and is the cause of half of the worlds problems .
hooch is seriously good . dude is a great team leader , just wish he ' d find his way to a tier 1 .
it can . i encourage all my friends to change their pointless grass yards to edible plants and vegetable gardens . much more beautiful and useful .
the rest of america was with you in spirit , man , glued to the tv . sorry , man .
i meant from whichever space craft flew over it .
he wears it on his sleeve with pride . we need to clone vin . that is the only acceptable option .
large or small mouth ?
it is still star wars though , it should have had enough turn out to beat what many argue to be the worst harry potter film .
oh that ? it ' s not in use at the moment . kind of just lying around
like that scam god ?
was not ready for that feel trip at the theatres . had to lock that shit in in front of my date .
awesome man , thanks !
there must be a video , as that image looks like a video capture . no idea where it ' s from though .
does it work with the htc valve hmd ? lol
m . o . e .
so ? any team can draw in their first year . let ' s see how they do when they miss the playoffs for 5 straight years and they are in the 6th year of a 5 year rebuilding plan .
we require women to be certified do n ' t we ? so we ' re discriminating which womyn we hate
as long as he keeps getting the reactions he wants , he is n ' t going to stop .
i made it to 30k once .
if you miss the brain my a bit do you think the power of . 22 would snap the neck ?
the question he is getting at is why the bed of the truck ? does your sister park by the mailbox ?
i was playing the when the world stopped making sense mod as a celtic pagan , so taking the vows was out . shame , too , i ' ve peacefully noneified a lot of threats that way as a christian .
that ' s not a counter - argument , that ' s just an insult , little man .
my house would make chernobyl look like a drop of water .
i did n ' t know exactly what this event was and just looked into it tbh . still , taking the opportunity to say that in front of the damn president is very cool i think .
there ' s a part in the game where tons of cars are thrown at cole , but he shoots them right back . it seemed like magnetism
i believe it was his own shit that caught up with and drowned him . what a jackass .
i think you should be alright painting the od over aluminum . i have n ' t done those exact colors , but i have painted one color over another and it works just fine .
yeah , it ' s great to see not only the rt community , but game grumps , creatures , totalbiscuit , etc . joining forces .
well islam is 1000 years younger than christianity so that seems to add up to me .
that game is a rollercoaster ride . dammit vincent , quit fucking up !
i was thinking more about muscle cramps and can you explain to me what happens within the body when a cramp occurs .
awesome dude , thanks for the tip ! i ' m like an hour and a half upstate but i go into the city all the time , i def need to stop by dsm on one of my trips , i ' ve still yet to go there
thanks . it looks like they are kind of tall . i have my scope set up super close to the bore and it will be a shame if i have to change that .
i agree . facing gs without love ' s firepower will be tough though . although i think we have the defensive pieces to slow them down anyway . go clips !
not at all . i ' ve just literally never heard of one person preferring an nbome to lsd , that ' s all .
personally , i believe as such a grand country - our united kingdom should use our prestige to our advantage - so we should definitely use our influence to be part of these ios .
this is why you do n ' t play notion thief in edh .
this right here ! people confused these all the time . they are two completely separate things . op is talking about an employment - at - will state .
unless the other is the aggressor and the knife is pulled in self defense . yes ? no ? i am not at all implying that was the case here .
it ' s brilliant ! then the entire network is connected together all the time !
he ' s literally casting csgo , stop circlejerking .
nope , they have no clue . i have no idea how they ' ll react .
see : tom cruise . i do n ' t give a shit what he puts his money in . his movies are fun .
okay seems to be that even though ireland is n ' t in the uk , they still black it out as part of a uk tv deal . bullshit .
oh cool , might be something i ' d look into for future mods
dude ! spoilers , man .
yes , they ' re closely related . what did you think we spoke some slavic or baltic language ?
troll is like , intentional feed , wont group on purpose , afk ' s , just intentionally throws the game .
for a second i thought that ' s what you wanted to put in a time capsule .
the majority of weight in my bag comes from water . in some places its just hard to find .
except that ' s legal theft .
sure . but i gotta get paid , though . oh , and get access to hang out with iverson for , like , a weekend and lots of interview time .
what about a dudes head chick body .
did you watch rusev in nxt ?
or held in contempt of court .
that ' s pretty cool ! how did you land that kind of gig ?
yeah , that man had far too much fun .
there ' s absolutely no scientific connection between masturbation and acne . zero . that ' s some old - school sex - shaming weirdness .
its real time crowd control simulation . it would be awesome if they released their findings .
razor blade ?
man , missy looked so good .
wow . good for him . free tuition !
you play it on consoles do n ' t you .
i do n ' t know if it ' s just me , but cumin is essential to taco seasoning . it ' s responsible for the bulk of that taco seasoning smell .
not until season 4 , though ? the boots are seasonal , hence you wo n ' t be able to play the build to it ' s full effect ?
is that what a dry spell is then ?
was thinking something similar . just a lower quality shot at making whispers gear .
i never said they would want to do that . in fact , i said the exact opposite . i said that they would have no desire to pull him from the fight .
well if its screwed in on top that should hold it . not the most idea set up but it ' ll work
oh , i see ! okay , i ' ll trade either the pave chair or end table for the sweets player . come over when you ' re ready !
i ' ve used this barber shop as well for my beard . they did a good job both times .
he needs to focus that shield and push the puck towards the net . i ' ll make some calls and get barry to work on it in practice .
i could see like call of duty or something , but i do n ' t get the whole lol thing . i mean , i get playing it , but it ' s not like it ' s exactly entertaining to watch .
if that ' s your idea of moral high ground , redditors are more fucked up than i thought .
i was going to watch some tv .
do you swim through them or run on top ?
do n ' t know why you ' re getting downvoted . monogamy is n ' t for everyone . hell , my best friend and his girlfriend are swingers and are pretty cool , law - abiding people .
really ? shows filmed outside of la or nyc bring in emmy award winning actors for one scene ? yeah , sure it happens all the time .
til baby mexicans hatched from beach nests .
i meant it as a statement that the film is scary as shit .
the war on drugs is actually why the usa has an outrageous incarceration rate .
i wish they were , but i ' ve seen plenty of them like it on tons of comment threads . it ' s a bit stunning and depressing .
thanks man : d
now that i have that print saved on my sd card , i can pump out a few anytime i change colors . those 6 only take about 1 . 5 ish hours .
well that goes for any god . ullr benefits from having the mana buff from solo too , so i could see how it works .
does bart have a stop in or near lafayette ?
maybe he just cared about the balance of the local ecosystem ? cats are horribly notorious for killing birds and and other small animals .
it is . which has immensely cleared out a 2v1 for me a couple times . you did get s super sweet roll .
most technology is inspired from nature .
how does one cock meth ?
i also heard it changed more that just graphics , such as it changed gameplay a bit .
it is obvious to me that you do not understand whole default saga with argentina . what do you even try to say .
artemis is as bad a matchup he can get , but still he can just get a gank on her and win lane
that ' s too far man . you crossed the line and then some .
yeah , you have to tell the front desk . you cant just look the other way on this one and let families swim in someone ' s cum - soup . kids get water all up in their eyes , mouths , and stomach .
likely . i ' d like to see robbie as a full - time cast member , but perhaps that will come later .
yeah , but who ' s going to leave the car running at a drive in ?
unless that law is banning gay marriage at the state level , then that ' s ok
the first three weeks is only one real actual week of pregnancy . week one is while you ' re on your period . conception happens in week two . this is n ' t any different than any other pregnancy .
you do know that there is no chinese language ? there ' s mandarin and cantonese , neither of which are spoken exclusively in china .
that is simply not true . nurses give results over the phone all the time . any test i ' ve ever had i ' ve never had a doctor call me .
ah , did n ' t know that ! and i assume that they do n ' t hide when someone invisible is nearby right ?
that ' s northern ireland where there are lots of catholics and lots of protestants . this is the republic of ireland , where almost everyone is or was catholic .
yeah but fifa is also the closet thing to a criminal organisation that fronts itself as legitimate business in the sporting world .
aww yes his point about helping people . great thing to refute . what a wonderful heart you have .
it ' s one of the toughest hurdles for me getting my friends into it . i doubt anyone would really complain about the stock builds on new mechs if it was easy and intuitive to modify them .
i feel like mako could rock a commissioner gordon stache . especially since he ' ll be the new head of police after lin
funny , everyone at my local game are extremely pcmr . i went there and bought europa universalis 4 there , and ended up having a short conversation about how good total war was .
explain why having more players interested in the comp scene and the game in general is shooting yourself in the foot ?
thanks ! succinct is very important . i myself have a short attention span unless i ' m free from all external distractions , and that more or less never happens in today ' s world .
and he was on a merged team so he would n ' t have gotten a lot of time in the k
i think op ' s point was that you get a lot of wrongful convictions of black people . not that they are bad at getting away with murder .
but it ' s a school rule , so no one really cares except for the school . and sometimes even that is n ' t true .
we wo n ' t know until the next game comes out .
i know , but that just proves superior numbers wont win the throne easily
apple will just pave the way , i ' ll just wait for the linux version .
right now it ' s not so bad as only a few stores are open but yeah , between that and legacy , i feel you .
8 hours one way . looks like im waiting till monday .
my chair is leather , i ' m good leaving my pants on .
nah i like them , especially the red color way .
i currently have the fridge , so i ' m not sure how much better starks would be . another guy said cw poe and i think i ' ll get him .
so it is official roman catholic doctrine , whether the followers believe it or not .
i ' m pretty sure it ' s different to call someone a sellout for advertising and calling them a sellout for crying on a camera .
ah , dont worry about it , i got the quest already . thanks a lot !
see ! that ' s what i was talking about . did not want to look like that guy . i totally do n ' t live in a trap house . i do n ' t even know what that means .
with the depth we have , he can develop into a 3rd down and long - ish player
ehhh may be useless , but still rarest drop and i ' m happy with that
the latter is the only reason it ' s taken so long . they ' ve had the cap space .
it ' s worth less than that and has a habit of losing everyone ' s money . this i do n ' t mind being sold .
im always on the hunt for that . have it on a dev grav also .
it ' s really difficult to ran a bal on detroit ho , especially with a team like denial who runs 4 subs on it .
i have the foot still , i am just really hesitant about using super glue . i have had bad experiences trying to remove super glue in the past .
uh , if you ' re talking about cutting his stomach open its seppuku . sudoku is a puzzle game found in newspapers .
gaben will probably die before hl3 is written and brandon sanderson will be called in to finish the series .
has to be shipped , i live in wisconsin . i just completed a trade , and i am in the process of completing others if that gives you any kind of peace of mind .
the army of the 13 monkeys is super green .
the main play by play guy is very sick which is why it ' s so low key
there ' s plenty of choice , bunch of hostile sectors as well . everybody wins !
i have no idea , i just pulled the number out of my ass . maybe he ' ll get double that .
i choose cameras ! and screens that only show input to tv ' s that pretend to be windows
cheers , man ! i appreciate it .
because anime .
they ban people for merely disagreeing . big difference between dissent and shit posting .
i would love to learn how to play , always loved the sound . john popper ' s harmonica is the only reason i listen to blues traveller . how long did it take you to pick it up ?
do you play with him ?
i think op got a future sonny gray right there . i mean he ' s nearly already the same age ; p .
the pup could take a bone of from the pool of blood . thats what i meant to say .
he will probably try to force a transfer , anyway . at 20 million the club will earn a lot of money and he still could go to loads of clubs , so it would be a fair price .
thank you for the reassurance . is there any specific model i should know ?
lol , after watching that episode with my kids , i threatened to get a weeping angel statue and put it outside their room at night if they did n ' t go to bed lol .
actually , it runs at 40 - 50 in there , i make a point of watching the temperature . i ' ve got liquid cooling and good airflow , seems to run fine .
thats not what we are talking about . those are clear cut cases of not being aware of whats going on . no one is questioning consent in those cases
oh i ' ve got you ! beaut is just a short and informal way of saying beautiful . not so sure about outside of england but it ' s pretty common here
wow , so you hated toyota more than jiffy lube ? how bad was that dealership ?
in that case , i ' d rather see a corvette go without any sort of hanger at that size . the space would be better suited to have them fill fleet support roles imo .
i ' ll see how a closer grip feels , thanks man !
if you are close by at some point in your life , you should really check it out . we got amazing hiking paths there and a unique camping site
still does n ' t make sense to me . i seem to remember it being a synthetic version of wolverine ' s and is just as good as his , he should be resistant to all diseases .
they are n ' t using faker ' s likeness . the game is being streamed in spectate mode . this is n ' t like watching him stream personally .
haha yeah . the line is like hours long every time i ' m there .
you eat your own shit .
american long rifles hid pretty well behind grass : p
exactly this . one day we ' ll look back at zero grand finals and laugh .
ye i thought cancer had hit terminal stage by then but i guess not .
you fucking mong , i was n ' t defending it as a positive thing i was just stating people still say it .
with that 16k life force pool , you do n ' t .
it ' s ok really , i ' m used to it . an allergy could be worse because eating a small bit of protein for me does n ' t have any effect compared to allergic reactions .
yes , but a child in the us uses a lot more resources than a child in a third world nation . and that ' s the problem . it ' s not overpopulation , it ' s that we do n ' t have enough resources .
depends on the draw . you can win the cup mainly against lower division teams if you get a good draw .
really though , you pay like 2 million dollars for a glorified battering ram where you can just be shot in the head once and die . or you pay 600k for something actually useful .
it could pull gold from the pool if you right click a pick on a piston ?
oh , okay . my bad for not paying full attention to the video , than . i just looked over at the screen and noticed the button there . i genuinely did not hear that .
the steel is too thin to prevent explosions in case of accidents . it made the front page a while back .
huh , it did n ' t work for me . guess i ' m retarded then whoop , never mind all set
so lucky to have taken full control of his life . i ca n ' t believe his luck .
yeah i responded to the wrong guy . was talking to the guy who thought it was another element . but yeah two different types of cell design and electrolytes .
team selection is mostly captain ' s job . there are specialists in the squad . he chooses the final 11
if you grab aloe vera , read the ingredients carefully ! a lot of them will include alcohol and fragrance , which is what you do not want !
yeah , i thought we lost the game at the breakdown . although that is almost always the way with test matches between the top sides
i prefer coke zero to diet coke as well , but i ' d still rather drink almost anything else . : p
it was bath and couch time for him . happens a lot now that he ' s big enough to be around the horses without me having a heart attack .
take out bottom shelf and mine was fine for the 24 hours that i had it . not much room for anything else but hey , who cares !
well yeah , those are obviously the easiest wars . imagine having to fight an army ! people would die . no thanks
hahaha , and a pile of horse shit in there , too !
he does n ' t run mountain giant which is the entire argument as to why bgh is necessary .
in fairness , bjerg is an extremely cocky kid . he plays incredibly well , but he could do with a bit less arrogance . but hey , dude is carrying hard .
just got one at target today , check your store !
it ' s alright , i ' ll ass piss for you when you no longer can . edit : and this is the first time i ' ve upvoted a constipation post .
that ' s why everyone living semi rural owns a car sure
feed me with most sweet words , pleasures , and flattering . is that this hard ?
is it trying to take the piss out of that woman ?
yeh but you ca n ' t look him in the eye .
in today , all players should give a defensive contribution for his team .
the federal contractor companies near me do n ' t even allow cell phones to be brought in to work .
i really want an m4 when i can afford one , but i do n ' t know if i ' ll ever be able to pick a color . every offered color is gorgeous with the exception of austin yellow .
i ' m right there with you , i felt like i might as well put an apple in my mouth every time i tried to sleep .
i ' m not disputing your point of view . what most people do not know is that in comparison to the big tech companies , cable companies profits are far weaker .
yes because a single player is the whole team .
i like playing traditional wedding songs , like canon in d or the wedding march . and i , for one , welcome our new baby seal overlords .
man . i ' m trying . i really hope i ' m proven wrong .
agreed on that first part . but disagree on that second part , what kind of gm treats valuable players like that ? shump would be an awesome role player for whatever team phil wants to build .
our time will pass only when our work is done .
ice pick grind !
is it the cameraman ' s dog ? is the cameraman a vet or doctor ? what ' s he to do . why not continue to film .
any shower is my communal shower : d
my dad likes yorkshire pudding !
they do in hungary . once you hear the siren , you listen and get ready to jump out of the way . red lights do n ' t matter , the ambulance has priority .
god . it was awful . we ' ve been doing solids for about a month with no problems then boom ! stop scaring me , child !
at least you ' ll be numb when you die !
saskatoon . i can get some pics right when i get home from work tonight . basically it ' s dark green , 5 speed has spoiler .
is he already asleep , next to you ?
i can relate with this , it ' s especially fun that so many people think it ' s a knock off from yu - gi - oh , and other new trading cards games .
the bandages are n ' t where he got stabbed , though . the card clearly is vertical on his eye , and the bandage was across the other guy ' s forehead .
i ' m definitely not disparaging people for using an slr but the centre of town is n ' t disney world if you know what i mean .
can his presidential cabinet be the rest of the muppets ? the state of the union would be the best it ' s been in years
the lazarus pit eventually loses effectiveness on a single person . and it causes greater and greater insanity .
doing the lord ' s work .
what ' s that difference between a baby and a black man ? a baby can feed a family of 4 .
no , you do n ' t forget that . it takes an amazing amount of laziness to drag that around . especially since you have to raise it to get the hitch to rest on the ball .
i clogged one of those bus toilets on the way to a ski resort when i was young . the driver told my dad to press a button in the bathroom and it blew the shit all over the road .
yes but persia is an old name of iran .
cant i show my original prescription ? my sister paid for it through mu mom ' s joint account ? or my driver ' s license , since the order is under my name ? thanks for the reply
yep , you ' re right , because reddit is one unified entity that can only have a single opinion on any given topic .
in england at least ? i ' m just curious if there ' s anything in earlier periods . edit : i assume the point is moot since the scots would have had their own terms .
i hate that feeling . but once you get it all done , its the best feeling ever .
yeah guys are smart enough to put on a face for the cameras but still , i like him .
i ' m pretty sure plato made him up to try to justify his crazy ideas .
or use tasker to turn it off when you ' re in that location . probably needs root though .
hindus do believe in his existence . do you ever visit shiv temple ?
haha i do n ' t think i look like a work of art - you should see professionals ! hell , some of the girls in my class could go work for a professional physical theatre company .
qa does n ' t seem to be doing much for any video game company these days .
yeah dunbar is n ' t an established threat yet . and ryan who ? i ' m pretty sure you do n ' t have considerably more receiving threats . sorry man .
i do n ' t know what the cologne smells like but the as is based on the scent as well . the soap and as smell almost identical to me so they are probably pretty close
hey there , just under a week or so . these three fish have been together for about a year , however . you might just be right about that pecking order , though .
photon hits an atom , atom gains energy . atom releases new photon . the photons never slow down however light appears to move slowly through the object .
the water is always touching the copper . how bad is this
fair , i was n ' t thinking of just her but like elliott wilson , chad hugo ect slim . i guess for a rap forum a lot of users did n ' t grow up in the culture and magazines are n ' t as big .
and sweden ? they played along with a fake country ?
i ' ve always felt the same about the soviet flag . shit is dope son .
little windex on the radiation ?
is the canadian government unable to change their minds while the us takes its time in deciding ?
size up . i ' m a 9 and i had to buy a 10 .
gotcha . i wish he was still playing guitar on stuff aside from periphery
cfb actually wanted to limit how fast plays can be run in the hurry up . it was a legitimate consideration last year or two years ago .
and if you can , make a reservation for before the park opens . love taking pictures of the castle when no one is there to block the view !
that was n ' t 616 . but regardless , there ' s like 8 versions of spider - man with a symbiote . i would ' ve liked to have seen one . i also think that venom should be considered a totem .
i had the same thought go through my head at first too ! then i shook myself back to reality and realized there was no way .
are you thinking of a lawsuit at all ? seems like with a boat sinking the person just did n ' t give a shit .
i did ! i also have a boyfriend ! it ' ll be fun ! i ' m also free most days .
says the person who thinks w is the core ability of blitzcrank .
the net , and the matrix . old school futuristic tech !
not everyone has to be great to be able to contribute .
cheers bud , hopefully the weather stays cold a little longer so i can get some use out of them
my old friend farmer jed came down for this game , what a good guy
exactly , definitely not a total war .
maybe run a candy bar that sells human brains and all the zombies would die of shock because of the prices .
the one by the jewelry store heist ? or a different one .
except with banks . when they start to go under , they literally just take it from us .
i ' ve been toying with the idea of getting some cat flats just to wear around with jeans . bet those heels would be equally cute under a pair of jeans too .
tried it for a week . i broke down and went to in n out . i think my mindset had a lot to do with it . i still eat vegan food when its available . but i wo n ' t turn down dead things .
how do blind people know when to stop wiping ?
or he was a chemist with a dream , who needed to sleep less and work more , so he made chemicals to change sleep into work .
he looks more like this main character from a korean movie . forgot the name . roh - shi lee ?
probably sarcasm , but on the odds that you are serious , there is the risk of being pulled into the engines or their wake . plane may be moving 500 mph . not a fun place to be .
that ' s great news !
i think the suicide part is up for debate though ?
i do as well . much smaller and almost seems like spit or white blood cells as if it ' s a small blister . now i ' m scared to leave them for more than about 15 seconds
yeah , everything else is just seo bullshit because google sucks and uses the words in the link as part of its search . if they would stop doing that , life would be a billion times better .
you ' re correct . maybe we ' ll see him get yet another symbiote down the line .
in a way . we do tend to turn shit upside down when we hit a new town .
baby carrots , man . i can barely eat 20 calories of those because they are super filling .
you ca n ' t kill a stone .
i feel like that might not be a good job for you if you hate boobs so much .
well most everyone is educated stupid these days .
i work as a bank teller at a small bank that offers western union , and i can tell you it ' s horrifying how many people actually still use that in a day .
i honestly do n ' t listen to much music but i guess i like alternative rock
yeah , i ' d agree that the rain had a lot to do with it . we normally go all day saturday but because of the weather we did n ' t even bother until after 5 : 00 .
is it accessible on a laptop ?
from the down votes , i ' d say there are at least 17 people in this sub who have or regularly have sex with a similar vagina . lesson learned .
this is because of people wanting an excuse to spout thinly veiled racist shit on reddit as usual .
im a cis girl .
are you gonna brace the blood and internal fluids as well , because those ' ll be moving around a lot .
i ' d die .
having sex with an asian girl is like eating a bowl of rice , it ' s sticky , almost white , and really bland . but in all seriousness , we all have types , and mine definitely is n ' t asian
1mil is a pretty fair price . that ' s what i got him for
the problem is the cost that goes along with upgrading the irrigation systems .
every time he cheers up cameron , it cheers me up as well . and every scene in the movie is classic .
it ' s pretty much broken at this point
otoh , it ' s been a few decades since hollywood movies paused the action at regular intervals , so that the cast could break out in song and dance for no apparent reasons .
you do know shrimp and lobster are not fish right ? shows what kind of class you have .
al qaeda did n ' t exist until after the war in afghanistan was over .
oh my god , now that marvel has more creative power in spiderman movies they can totally remake venom and not have him suck ! yay my favorite spiderman villain can be badass again !
i guess you ' ve got your work cut out for you . you are the pride of our people .
give me a fucking break . one player being out is a handout ? man , detroit is treading uncharted waters here , folks . no team has ever won without a big name player in the lineup .
i started out selling art at cons , and did freelance commissions for about a year . i stopped when i realized i was n ' t being paid my worth . sorry .
depending on your steering wheel , you can easily honk with both hands on the wheel .
yeah , but the question is , how hard is it to get approved ? i hear horror stories and i also see people say it is easy . guess i will have to just try it and find out .
in detroit of all places ! is he crazy ?
nice ! why ?
i may be , but i do n ' t ever remember reading it . but the egg - like shell sounds a - lot like what i remember . does the manga also end with her just kinda disappearing ?
thankfully there was a lot of customers ahead of him so i had time to think of everything i wanted to say to him . my boss was also next to me so i did n ' t feel like getting fired haha .
he looks like a high school kid who ca n ' t quite grow a beard but still decides he wants facial hair
also at stopping that one asshole mosquito that keeps landing on your face when your trying to sleep but somehow turns invisible when you get up to kill it .
is n ' t there a mountain that nuclear waste is being stored it ? that i think raised a lot of concerns . plus those two disasters , plus the recent one in japan .
conventional retort .
i agree . that was my first point
ha ! that ' s an interesting idea . someone earlier said pick a slower beat and try to stick to it . i ' ll give that a shot . thanks !
if gas stations were banks of money . i do n ' t know how much petrol you could safely steal .
which made him dead .
plus , it would just be cool to have a blimp floating around above the track .
i do n ' t think the choice between alcohol and not alcohol is a hard one for an irishman to make .
what color is the golf course ?
oh , interesting . still , we can generate light at arbitrary frequencies , right ? seems like it would be easy to test .
agreed .
or until we do the countdown again with the daily write - ups about every team . is that happening again this year ?
hah she was so bad , did n ' t understand the concept of how to guess on the last round out of desperation , and it seemed like she usually changed her guess based on adam and bryan ' s guesses .
man , that ' s too bad . the corvette is a really good car now .
i ' d rather plug this smoothie than put it in my mouth .
i got the same thing at my work . maybe it ' s the conservative media ' s fault ?
true , but the more popular way i hear it now is in terms of multi - player games with bad lag compensation .
you can turn them off , you can even select which type of notifications you want disabled .
glad i ' m not the only one . the human brain is fucking is weird , man .
next time i go camping i ' ll take a vid and post it here . to be fair , this stuff was dry pine , not anything really hard .
well they do n ' t want to lose face by wearing masks
hard light actually has the quickest ttk of any auto rifle .
i build it on thresh fairly often , not because it ' s always optimal , but because i secretly dream of being a damage support . i also sometimes build frozen mallet for this reason .
i ' m always a little surprised by how many other bat people are on reddit !
the head bobbing setting worked ! i did n ' t even think of that . thanks a lot . it ' s so fun to see someone during their first few hours of mc . i forgot how exciting the basics were .
they became more black .
i ' m not very patriotic . there ' s no lebanese team to support , and india is the closest thing i have to a favourite .
it ' s smaller than kc , but definitely still there . they have a festival at washington university every year . i used to run the club there when i was in undergrad .
i ' ll pay you 10 leaves to clean my phone .
i would think that there would be a duty to act because the students are in the care of the university . there should be .
is the coke 600 ever not a fuel race ?
i do n ' t leave my city very often , and i ' d rather have a decent plan than be able to roam . i ' ve never noticed service or reception problems with wind .
oh , i cut it there because he ran back into spawn .
he builds it in mid . its just very uncommon he built it vs lb a few nights ago .
i think wii was when they changed but mini turbo is now based on the distance you drive and the sharpness . so a tighter drift will build turbo fast than a wide one .
they must do - otherwise they ' d foul of their tax and expense returns !
depending on which country you ' re in they may or may not do anything about it . but either way , are you saying the ones that would are right for doing that ?
if you ' re in the midwest , cider boys mad bark tastes like cinnamon applesauce , and the strawberry flavor it delicious as well .
i ' ve tried really hard to like this book and i just ca n ' t .
i think you ' re jerking it a little too hard . it ' s not a really intricate pun .
lifting the bot up where it belongs , where the shitlords sigh and the tumblrinas cry .
they looked like the 2nd best team in the world to me . white just got better .
ha ! i also have a bag of plush - animal eyes in my purse , but they ' re the really small , all black kind that do n ' t look like eyes .
yeah most of my female friends are quite found of thor , mom too . luckily my fiancee is a cap fan .
it would n ' t surprise me if obama came out as atheist . the need for pretending to be christian would be for the right - wing nutjobs that think he ' s a muslim .
tbh , even if we had a mediocre , functional offense , we ' d be winning games . jacksonville , indianapolis , texans were games our offense did literally nothing to help us win the game .
she should take one of those miniature water guns with her and spray them in the face like a bad animal .
yeah , i thought he already said do n ' t expect anything for a while and i did n ' t , what a pleasant suprise !
that ' s not entirely true . beggars sell that warm , fuzzy feeling you get when you help your fellow man . whether or not you genuinely did help your fellow man is another matter entirely .
you whack the machete against the flint creating a spark on the twigs . it fails .
could be all sorts of things . how much is your time worth to find out ?
why play ironman then ?
yeah they ' re so unreasonable . wanting to feed their child ? what a spoiled bitch .
no , that was my point . we wo n ' t see one in ac because it ' s not one of the four recent ones .
i agree here , i love mouse and keyboard for pretty much every other game but with dark souls 2 controller is what i always use .
tell that to half the cast who do n ' t have that option
yeah i ' m in portland , oregon but my friends and family back in massachusetts say they have n ' t seen them around yet .
superman . he is rarely seen as a vigilante . wonder woman as well , i believe .
it may depend on whether the neighbor new about the sale . that is just a guess though . i ' d have to look it up .
lpt : never eat pizza because it has no nutritional value .
so just like ubw movie ? sweet
still it is fast enough to change position . with proto you re doomed on the path you chose .
mine do n ' t rub , i ' ve never had that problem . it does increase arousal , for me anyway .
got for it ! i got bored yesterday and decided to try out this idea for fun . the yarn may loosen but its a snug fit on the mag atm .
no , it is boys do n ' t cry .
what age do high schools in the uk take kids ? different to secondary i assume .
no , those are only cucumbers , you would get pickled zucchini though , which is good as well . you can pickle just about anything .
barely . that ' s grasping at straws if i ' ve ever seen it . given a nickname of a political leader must be a political post although its not discussing politics at all .
i got the player char at 1 which was the client . there ' s better ways to do that but i was just testing . thanks for the reply man .
just from looking at the 1st page of your history i know you are in new york . now all i need is to find pictures of your car and where you are taking them at and i ' m set .
yankee came out with a mowed lawn man candle not too long ago !
i have never heard of that . i will look into that and respond with what i think in a bit .
that was my april fools joke for the department that had a recurring blue screen station . nobody laughed .
impact wrench makes changing a tire a 30 second process . not a necessity , also most people do n ' t have them .
some best in slots come from a slayer req , others do n ' t , i do n ' t see your point .
socks do n ' t help if there needs to be an evacuation across broken glass
who won game 1 ?
no , it came with a fresh install of windows 8 . it just seemed disingenuous to not let me know that it did n ' t come with the factory hard drive .
i ' d place good money on sbs winning that one . news companies have clauses in their contracts precisely for things like this
and only a fool would call himself a wise man .
good god i cringed every time olivia put on her william bell - voice . of all the weird shit that happened on that show , that was the most uncomfortable to watch .
the safety of tunisia blows the safety of any south american country out of the water . add central america , needless to say .
you know that they generally determine players by their numbers , right ? they ca n ' t read the names from the press box .
actually only some of their sours are available on the regular . temptation for example is not . you can def get a couple of them though . keep in mind their price point .
i ' ve thought of this as well . i think it might work .
or no image at all , because complex life never evolved to invent photography .
i take it that your siblings are both into streetwear ? very cool thought . might have to pass down my gear to my little brothers .
there ' s a tiny island in the gulf of mexico in alabama that is blissful . it ' s not racist , or inbred . it ' s just beautiful white sand beaches and great gulf waters .
politician : i ' m not a scientist , but i can assure you that those scientists who disagree with me do n ' t know what they are talking about .
take one for the team bruh . smash that shit lol
i ' m not a huge fan of jay z , but honestly i really liked his verses in watch the throne . it felt like both of them pushed each other and it was a great project because of it .
and gecko original came from netscape . what ' s your point ?
also when your team is owned by the jacobs family . they ' re some greedy motherfuckers
its not i checked . though it does change less than other metals . its not gold , and mercury does some crazy non linear stuff but that was n ' t it either .
please explain to me the actual consensus and show me the source from which you have determined it .
get a life sierra .
or just team kill .
simple answer . yes .
thanks man , appreciate the good vibes ! it ' s actually footage i recorded on the ps4 version and edited it all up in sony vegas pro !
he ' s an airline pilot . he spends a third of his life in one place and two thirds in the other . if he keeps the kid as a single parent , he wo n ' t be able to do that .
sorry buddy . you got this ! you ' re still gonna have a kickass family that makes each other happy and proud
i do n ' t think we ' ll have large scale conventional warfare anyways . proxy wars are the modern doctrine .
depending on the state , you might have a wrongful termination case if they did .
yeah , i do n ' t think the public downloads include the new build target yet . it looks like it ' s currently just the old shell .
i know , right ? what ' s so wrong about uniting all the workers ?
out of curiosity , what ' s the best way to ensure positive air pressure inside the case ?
seems to be completely illegal except in medical emergency after 20 weeks in indiana , since 2013 . this happened in 2013 , though , so i do n ' t know which came first .
aww , hurt your feelings ? did your girl leave you for someone fit and toned ? that ' s hilarious actually . stop whining and go work out .
i would even take a 3 shot kill range buff . this gun should kill with 3 shots , regardless of which variant , from much further away . that being said , i would kill for the hole puncher .
i did n ' t make it through the lotr books . so it ' s a fair point .
lime jello ymir all the way , baby !
these are my youngest niece and nephew . it just does n ' t seem possible they ' re not wee little babies anymore ! even my grand - niece and nephew are 7 and 8 .
ha , how much space was it ? did you have to do a full revolution on the scroll wheel ? anyways he said they were serious questions so i figured i ' d try to answer him seriously .
thank you for explaining . i just do n ' t get it . they ' re already rich . people are dying because they want even more money . it ' s unfathomable .
rbi is a weak stat . and my point was how many of those hrs would n ' t be home runs in a real ballpark ?
you can extract the oxygen from the atmosphere .
that is not an insect .
this picture is literally a question out of a textbook and additional googling doesnt seem to find anything . i ' m willing to bet this is n ' t true .
they wo n ' t read them , they will only check where it was published . and again , they know that the only responsible person is the last author .
thats probably not something you ' ll have to worry about either . humanity has been through a lot of shit since the dark ages and has n ' t gone back yet
if that happens , then good luck getting into a game , because if thousands of people want the same map you do , its going to take awhile to get into the game
why not try keeping your mind busy with something so the time seems to go by faster ?
would n ' t the world be better if more people took on this attitude without having to go to prison .
that was a different game , in his earlier game he got double - damage and then walked behind the tower and killed it .
good . god .
imagine trying to smell an object using your eyeballs , by rubbing said object into them . yeah .
if we all do it at the same time do we just have to get rid of money altogether , like star trek ?
so you ' re saying some sort of paedophile wheel , or ring if you will , could power britain ?
yea , but i see your point of view . a lot of people do it because it looks cool , but that ' s cool too . b
dunno , but it was definitely taylor made for him .
i fly on the kc - 10 , a modified dc - 10 . we have three engines .
boring at the start , but once you get into it one of the best , well - written and most satisfying shows you will ever watch .
maybe , idk . the fact that he wears a hud that records everything puts him in a bad place
thanks ! i may have to try an aux adapter but it ' s a shame since the note 2 worked fine without one .
i ' m sold ! once i bust my grill out for the season , you can bet i ' ll give this a try !
nazi germany ' s had a rather distinctive culture in history . by denying it existed , your trying to justify being a massive hypocrite .
bummer , it ' s thunderstorm season around here but it ' s usually just isolated showers not just near state wide showers . some places in the mountains are still getting snow .
it shall be done ! i am humbled to pledge myself to your battalion .
at this point i ' m convinced rust and a blown 2 . 2 were factory options .
oh , but soldering is the best part !
yum fries also taste great with soft serve .
they have a saloon there where they play a dominos game called 42 . apparently that ' s their thing .
i ' m called a cunt on a semi - regular basis , i think i ' d be okay .
yeah , not caring generally makes them grow out , which he considers more masculine .
should small be large ? wooded private and cheap actually sounds pretty good
there would n ' t be any problems going out to harlem ? i ' ve hard that the neighborhood have changed , but would you say its safe out there ?
just remember , you eat more in bites than bits .
i ' ll never understand the dslr craze . you spend just as much money to get footage that ' s as good as a proper camera but it ' s a shit ton of work in between .
so good , liquid honey , mayo and dill . mmm mmm
well damn you certainly know how to make a girl feel pretty !
do n ' t get discouraged . send your book to as many publishers as you can find . if that does n ' t work , start your own campaign . open a gofundme page .
seeing as you get those cheques , may be more cost effective to but from the beer store prior and sneak them in
it ' s not semantics , if a company buys another company it does n ' t cease to exist as an entity . its owners change its branding my change . its still the same business
there ' s a potential problem with that . what names list would the xcom nationality pull from ?
you can do a purple rinse to counter the yellow .
it starts off pretty terrible though . you end up having to send someone out every 45 seconds , it ' s quite annoying until the time per mission is actually substantial .
yeah , leave it alone or buy more to dollar cost average , if its long term savings he should ride it out
idk how injured is he , but it ' s time to start participating in the game for cp3 . legacy is at stake .
i ' ll pass , as i said , i did n ' t even want to make this trade in the first place haha . if you change your mind , let me know good luck then !
lots of heat given off during transformation ?
their sight is still so they have a clear view of the environment around them as their body moves forward .
glad to hear to have a reasonable application of religion in your life . when we let religion rule us we become as isis .
ah , that would explain why my friends could n ' t see it .
i would bet on it . loser has to adopt the other team ' s flair from beginning of the playoffs until the start of the 2016 - 17 season ?
not illegal depending on where you live in the country . down south they are n ' t .
fsb . it ' s like you did n ' t even read the memo .
yeah that ' s a good idea !
what moves do you run on one ? i have a mixed attacking one , but i have n ' t figured out a way to put swords dance on it .
agreed . it ' s not obvious that this is anything other than some remote forest . if it ' s a real job site then fine , but your skepticism is certainly warranted .
and never start a land war in asia .
she ' s a double amputee . those are her prosthetic arm things that start at the elbow .
he probably is . and he has no idea he let it happen .
eh , compared to others who have lifted a while , it ' s a pretty average number . i ' d hesitate to call myself strong , but i ' m starting to head that direction
swatch watches are actually amazing . not sure wha kind of watch you got . mine are all still working .
fair enough .
i love that area ! i spent 6 summers working at that lodge and during my days off i spent them hiking around those mountains .
read the article , or just the title . they had severe nerve damage that caused their hands to be paralyzed . they could n ' t feel it , they could n ' t use it . it was just a hunk of meat .
awesome ! i did n ' t have any smoked paprika on hand , i ' ll have to look for some at the store next time
they are . is that one of sanders suggested policies , or is he suggesting a minimum wage mandated by state or federal government ? if it ' s the latter , he is n ' t adopting a nordic system .
i was n ' t on a bmx bike . it was a beach cruiser .
edgy science !
vw sales in the us are down again . in my opinion , it could be partly because of experiences with dealers like this . please quote where i bad mouthed the brand .
ca n ' t even imagine what all that salt water mist would do to that car .
sure , it looks a little exaggerated due to the lighting though , imo .
how does he pay it back if he ca n ' t work in the career he spent half his life in , hoping his skills ?
and he was a damn - good actor in the newest muppet movie .
you should know , your ' s must have been revoked a long time with an attitude like that .
oh no ! maybe you just got one with bad shots . i dont find them to be bitter at all . a steamer is just going to me steamed milk and then whatever flavor syrup you want ! super tasty !
so the breathing techniques did n ' t work for you ? also , i ' m going to add you , nice to find someone on here my age who also has ts .
in the vanilla game though , i never had any issues with stamina . the only reason i upgraded it was for carry weight increases and longer sprinting .
i think he meant aurora ontario : d
boo ! move north ! come hang out with me . : d we had an aldi in missouri and i hear they ' ve built some around my hometown in texas . it ' s a neat store ! : d
what ? if you really think i ' m going to try an argue a false point while you understand exactly what i meant , you must have me confused with someone else .
ugh , part with money for something i can do myself ? no thank you .
murdoch . how many episodes have you seen ?
conservatives are much more popular in america than reddit admits . elizabeth warren and bernie sanders types could maybe win 5 states
can you give a link to that please ?
the hard plastic tops on the newer jeeps . happened to a friend of mine
ignore them and you should be fine . besides , they ' ll probably find some reason to leave the stadium in protest before they even have the opportunity to start anything .
okay , thanks . it looks cool so i ' d love to give it a go . what is the lat drop ?
lol , this is exactly why i will not play beta .
i ' m going back to read it in her voice now
yeah , i think i ' ll wait for the toad ' s creamed chip beef corned beef hash combo flavor .
no ballistics on laser blasts baby !
you are most welcome . if you ca n ' t have a laugh at your possible demise , you were n ' t living properly .
have n ' t washed my head in years , i ' m fine .
do n ' t worry , you definitely do not need to gem to war at a high level . i ' d like to hear his reasoning for comment above .
jt is going for the scoring title , so i ca n ' t imagine they would lay off too much . it would be nice , though .
oh right . i was thinking about white against dark passage .
i ' m sure they ' ll make op a mod here by the end of the week .
people in this subreddit always say goofy shit like this , i watch the fights on ppv once a month and catch up on things on fight pass so how the hell should i know this person ?
and whenever he saw the field he sucked . you do n ' t have to sugar coat it the only reason he stayed on the team is he was good at st .
did bungie ever confirm that how was going to be a raid ? been going thru stuff i cant find anything directly from bungie confirming it was a raid .
that was one theory , to keep them out of the guts and blood on the floor , but it has n ' t really been proven .
it ' s also really fucking dangerous , so if you absolutely have to do it , be careful . you can easily take enough h to overdose without realizing it until the coke starts to wear off .
good point !
a friend of mine was in the air force in pretty much that exact role .
when did you played it the last time ? they changed a lot and it really feels like a new game !
yup ! they used a blow torch .
fine , let him put in a few more years in the senate .
probably be pretty easy to botch the angle and end up on the moon or something though .
his higher side chat was wonderful !
thats the down - side of breakfast . croissant , bagel and cereal all are high in the carbs . omelette sounds good mang !
even though most of the popular ln ' s on this sub star douchebag heroes . it ' s more surprising to find a ln with a squeaky clean mc than not nowadays .
i agree that people should generally keep that shit quiet but the markets are actually a free for all , that ' s kind of the point .
fat ? thanks for the hilarious jokes my friend , you really made my night
did you meet terry crews ? does he have small everyday objects orbiting him ?
it really depends on the person - you either get over the art and dialogue weirdness , or you do n ' t .
2 wip sets , or a full card set of a non - crap game .
was n ' t the original advertised as a workstation and gaming card ?
haha i figured it was a family name or something . just poking fun .
i go for the chain heal upgrade when i ' m the sole supporter , but if there are other supports i tend to take feral lunge .
we ' ve had other posts about the touchscreen being broken and needing to be replaced . if you want to keep it , you can repost it in the weekly question thread .
oh right . i thought it was a name , not a title . makes sense on the second read . yeah , i do n ' t mind her as a foreign minister .
what , they literally have a light in them dude . like the way your remote talks to your tv .
the pens got away with more than any other team while the nhl was marketing their star player , and he got treated like glass . do the math .
oh no , i know he ' s a garbage human . i ' m just sad that players ca n ' t grasp the most basic concepts of the sport that ' s made them millionaires
wait . she ' s russian ? holy crap , i genuinely did not know that .
at the beginning of the game , everyone ' s basically the same .
agreed . i was there in august and ca n ' t wait to go back .
oh i love breakfast food . i just do n ' t think i ' d pick it for my last meal .
i ' m saying dj should n ' t be bending his knees as much as he is . looks likes he ' s about to hoist a 35 footer .
because eating certain foods is gay and stuff .
not liking her is one thing , but she is hardly a bad actor .
augusta georgia ?
not sure , have n ' t had bed on that ferry . i suspect that just means you get one of the two beds and some random person will be in the other one .
i just mix a shot of brandy with an equal amount of cream . i add a couple of ice cubes . tastes sweet to me !
same in ma , perhaps this is true in the states i listed too , however my experience with fl , me , nh , and ut are via non - resident permits .
on the contrary , i think the full meaning of the word has been erased for the sake of a worldview that does n ' t want to see it for what it really is .
yeah , she definitely fucked her face up good . i feel bad .
sounds neat . what do you hope to learn from this ?
i ' ve never seen this movie . this is where i could say that it ' s a great movie and you ' ll love it , and i could get easy karma . not much easy karma , but easy karma nonetheless .
not much of them sadly like this one , its pretty unique in its own .
think strome will be in the nhl next year ?
but that would be so uncomfortable all day . it would make my day last forever . i would pick the mom jeans .
basically he ' s average . he did start on the ravens superbowl run , so you have that going for you . but just do n ' t overpay for him .
yeah they were mad because it was flying at the same height as the u . s flag .
are you forgetting nazi sub ' s destroying ships on the east coast to the point that cities tried to go dark to hide coast lines ?
same goes for me with shroud ' s sign
agreed . whatever caused that wall to fall off it sure as fuck was n ' t related to air pressure .
i know . what i ' m saying was korean people eat japanese sushi . with saying that , i do n ' t know what are you trying to say with that
thanks for clarifying . the people in my head escape sometimes , and then i ca n ' t tell who ' s from in me and who ' s not . or maybe i ' m a sane person , and you ' re a troll .
next time you are on a subway , look at the person to the left of you and then at the person to the right . by the end of the subway ride , one of you will be naked .
lol . because mozart and slash are exactly like kanye ? right ? oh , wait , they do n ' t sing . good comparison there bud . ride the kanye bandwagon .
yes you can now buy 3 crappy tvs for the old price of one crappy tv , thus it ' s a good deal .
you ' re honoring your deceased grandmother about some weird debate you think you won in high school ?
google says not on the first page , at least . there ' s fanfiction of beethoven the composer dating mozart though .
oh , i did n ' t know there was a lamy copper ink . cool
given that cut scenes are all just in - game from a different pov , is n ' t everything gameplay footage ?
so what are the guaranteed ambulance response time standards in rural areas or bad weather conditions or a combination of both ?
no . no hooray for you .
margaret mitchell . she did write a couple others but nothing else that became popular .
it ' s because he can take a joke . - or maybe he ' s lying for karma , but i still chuckled .
thanks , nice username !
yeah you ' re right . it ' s just that when berserk is compared to something like this , i kinda feel the need to express my opinion .
sorry my 50 acres of private gardens drowned out the sound of the gunfight .
cool , well if that floats your boat : the cosmetics seem pretty extensive .
i do n ' t even play phoenix and that shit makes me cringe .
that ' s life bro , criminals do n ' t care about standards of u did n ' t notice
i do n ' t see how it could be better than the most beautiful thing to ever grace television .
there are insurance plans for that . forgot the name but they offer it to you along with extended warranty when you buy those .
fair enough . and a bit of a relief , even though i never ended up buying one of them .
the person he responded to is saying that and i agree . it feels that guy i responded to say is saying its harder to stop being fat than it is to live as a pedophile .
whelp . i do n ' t fuck with opiates . one of a fairly short list of things that actually scare me .
honestly i think it ' d be fun to put up what the conversations would be like , like mewtwo kinda talks about itself and when palutena steps in mewtwo freaks out .
and any form of breathing is inherently a theft of air since if i did n ' t breathe it you could have . sorry , your logic is way off .
look at my upvotes compared to your downvotes , then read half of the comments here . it ' s not just me .
depends on the movie , but generally it ' s comedy
he signs like someone is be happy to work with . not looking for a job is be ?
do you not have a chin - chin sacrifice button on your keyboard ?
he also beat scott at chess on set . repeatedly . probably related .
so the plan worked !
ooh that ' s a good idea . i think i might switch to that .
there is no way hgh gut is just from organ growth . they ' d have to have organs grow huge amounts to cause that .
i gotta watch it alone . i ca n ' t subject other humans to what i ' ll become
im guessing you ' re referring to how people view furries , anime fans , etc ? i completely agree with you .
gave you details on diet . i do n ' t feel comfortable posting pictures of my mouth online , i think that is fair . thanks for offering regardless .
yeah i read about this us army dude jay got one from montenegro , little montenegro
most of the dust in your house is dried skin flakes , which definitely falls into our food while we ' re eating .
thank you . i ' m very lucky that i had him for so long . i ' m 23 and he is the first grandparent i ' ve lost . i ' m blessed , in a way .
garde .
mate , i ' m pretty sure it ' s a pr stunt . they are part of a label , and thus have legal support . why ask reddit for help if a lawyer can resolve the situation in 5 minutes ?
i ca n ' t see her right hand , can you ?
it was a bad attempt at humor lol . i do n ' t drive 55 in the left lane and i certainly do n ' t do anything on the road out of spite .
oh god reminds me of the time i met seb vettel . so much cringe .
it is not inherently bad though . people that support restriction of movement should also support one child per family if they think the country is so full .
yeah because saying god when you do n ' t know the correct answer makes so much more sense
: d i saw the perk sweep a while ago and have always wanted to hit everything in front of me . beep beep imma tank !
that too , but it ' s the choice of behavior that brings that fortune in my opinion . knowledge is after all power .
and then immediately popped for peds post - fight .
ah . i presumed the effect was from an enb with shitty dof . : d
the cyan team killed you with an anvil , i have it on recording if you want me to upload it
i ' ll take it as karmic payback for the blazers game and not get salty like their fans did . though if we had lost i would not be this chill hahaha
i would n ' t say it was just a crack in the vase back then . it was just as broken but in a different way . when a problem was fixed a new one took its place .
i play the games with my pitcher , simulate 3 out of the other 5 and manage the 4th one .
apparently i ' m a teenager whilst also being almost 30
you can have a lot of stuff and still have a minimalist design . just because he has no stuff does not make it a minimalist room .
you can just say gamer , is my point .
topple the un ? it is n ' t a government .
they still lose 8 games worth of pay though .
dunno . i ' m posting it because i want to . if people do n ' t care , that ' s not my issue , really , is it ?
nice point haha !
sell me on it . what ' s talisman ? all i know is that it was made by games workshop
yea , someone made a vote for sneak at 7 ? i mean , i know this poll is based on opinion , but i ' m pretty sure that was someone who though 7 meant best .
even stranger for me is that there a whole generation who only have a vague idea who she is and know nothing of the phenomenon around her nor the out - pouring of grief around her death .
i feel like the cops and military will split evenly between the government and the citizens . it ' d be a somewhat fair fight .
hmm looks interesting , is it all free to play ? or is there a pay scheme involved ?
eh , i ' m too tired to mess with that kind of stuff in fl studio
oooh , i see . that makes sense . how much of what you ' ve done in the course was already known from working on a farm ?
harry missed a ton of games , though .
yep . i did a lot of research before having my house built , and sprinklers were highly suggested . it ' s not like the movies where they easily all go off to drown my electronics and paintings .
true , although it ' s definitely not as obvious as skeleton or spider sounds which makes me suspicious that he knew exactly where it was .
i would follow white aero to hell or the blue lagoon , which ever is closest
we got a lot of chinese were i live , and there ' s a lot of germans not too far from here , and this communities are huge .
controlling atoms is matter manipulation .
think of all the things baby puts in mouth in a day !
i dated a girl in high school named aryan very hot , but yeah that whole racism thing .
i know about them . they ' re on my top three favorite water - themed animals list . i think they might make a top three overall list .
and blonde hair is just really light , light brown .
shoveling snow sucks horse balls too .
bad person , good mole .
hitchcock is great . my favorites from him are strangers on a train , rope , and the man who knew too much . he really knows how to build suspense .
that would be pure speculation though , if you ' re basing your argument on speculation then you ' ve lost
: d long time no see man , was fun playing with you !
this afternoon ! give me a few hours , i ' m not at home right now .
250 . 86 exception 3 allows us to bury steel 90s under 18 inches of concrete without bonding them .
you either die a pretty man or live long enough to see yourself become a wrinkled man .
on the flip side laz or any other character should run to support for shields , jetpack or cloak when in danger . many players do n ' t do that .
start with a book that goes over the six rules . then go take a class at a community college next and get better . the most important thing is to shoot everyday , even if it ' s just one picture .
can we have police sting wearing the ring ?
even if it was practiced serbia ca n ' t be guilty for that by the international law .
both actually . mostly i want a new updated truck , and if i ' m going to switch then gas mileage is a consideration . a little smaller is fine too as i ' m not pulling anything anymore .
be honest with the psychiatrist . they will know what to do . if you have ever been hospitalized , psychiatrists turn in to assholes . but they are very good at their job the first time lol .
he ' d have to bulk up , but he ' s obviously an incredible actor and would be great
so your yearbook had radically different looking pictures ? or was there a set background and color clothing you had to use ?
no , i just pay taxes on it
do n ' t want to nitpick , but how do we know it ' s a tardis ? it might just be an ordinary police box !
no , where i work we have guests , attendants and vendors come in . la times happens to be here today . i do n ' t even how how i copied that though .
i do n ' t play dota can you explain what the shiba does ?
do you have auto as well ? any noise while in auto ?
what if the wings were made of dank memes ? because i ' m pretty sure dank memes do melt steel beams .
i think rend was meant as a fail - safe tech choice in case ysera or chrom became too strong . obviously that has n ' t been the case , but it ' s not a poorly designed card .
lol , and i ' m a bit too high to throw this shit well enough for you to catch .
do you even max it though ? it looks like one of those skills you get a single level in then ignore it for the rest of the game .
well what i mean is aside from grouping based on the row number , what is the goal ? why are these grouped ? they do n ' t seem to be related entries based on what i see .
i know that . even the oriental orthodox priests here wear that . but what is its ritual significance , apart from a curious headgear ?
it ' s much more cost effective to buy in bulk .
hey ! mrs . lester is a nice lady !
saw this in theater . literally every person in the theater jumped at it .
i like a good thunderstorm . once you know when they are coming you can plan . i loved the cool off after , too . it does n ' t cool off at night in the desert .
what if the kid does n ' t play with friends on his xbox ? what if he plays multiplayer games with his friends on pc ? what if he just wants to have fun playing a video game ?
this seems to make perfect sense . their name , the stuff they sell . good detective work .
makes sense , because it cleans out my insides so i do n ' t have to .
free mana and the rush of gambling for your life every turn !
hit up the better business bureau for a complaint . and you may see they are already rated poorly
yep , when i connected it and it read 1 ohm , as the istick fire down to 1 ohm , i cheered like a 5 year old on christmas morning .
i did , actually ! that ' s the only part of the movie that made logical sense , bless it ' s heart .
good call - it could look good with some tights , ahhh - you ' re making me want to keep it now ! haha
sounds like my room !
are you kidding ? just remember that buddhism and its various schools like zen is not for everyone .
well there ' s more than one person on the chariot . a horse archer has to guide the horse as well as shoot the bow , while a chariot archer has a jockey doing the steering for him .
i ' ve had several kinds of little debbie snacks . all vomit inducing . all i taste is stale overly sweet sugar and cheap vegetable oil .
oooooh ! knit some pockets that just are n ' t connected to anything , and i can just stick my hands in those xd or like a couple of mini scarves that i can wrap around my hands xd
indica can help with anxiety . sativa can make it worse .
someone who wants to eat it instead .
i ' m sorry i thought this was canada eh
yeah , economies of scale are the fucking worst . idiot .
i used to hate the taste of flax , but now i like it in all baked goods - especially in banana bread .
i remember one lesson my re teacher just showed us loose change .
yeah i know how you feel . now i ' m even more board than i was before .
about a year . i kept mixing in japanese or russian words , and switching out of that mindset was the toughest part . i still do that sometimes , but i ' m able to hold a decent conversation now !
well that depends on the seasons . summer is the best when it ' s always bright .
redpill is not sanity , and is in fact considered crazy enough for tia itself .
professional ? these pictures are from multiple different angles and cameras and resolutions . also anyone can get a cheap dslr camera that takes high quality pictures .
i think its because of the new eu law . something something pedestrian safety
except you ca n ' t even buy the original trilogy anywhere . and have n ' t been able to for a really really long time .
aww man nothing like fresh cotton and fresh clean coils .
but think of the almonds man .
and did you do it via normal game play or sitting in a corner glitching most of them ?
i bet she was a bitch . they all are .
monday was a bank holiday . when was it marked shipped ?
interesting . i ' ve never come across it before . are there any particular masters known to have used the phrase ?
you learn to accept it . philosophical buddhism is a path i have been slowly learning to implement in my life . but my happiness has no correlation to the validity of the matter .
ah bummer , well if i find anything good off the tracks you should know about i ' ll post here and let you know .
give it a try ! my brother did this for me and although it took him a bit , he got all the parts locally and was still able to do a really good job with it !
mine does n ' t do the margaritas but now has the margarita cups for water .
son of a bitch .
nothing is stock on mine but the quality is amazing for a stock gun when it was stock .
oh , its alright mang . take your time , still cant wait though ! : d
stormtrooper armor is a fully contained suit with air filters and cooling systems .
yeah . i feel like that ' s probably the case .
you ' re an incredible person .
if you did this i would say watch out for overheating in a small case with a beastly video card .
you do n ' t speak to an investigator to get a secret clearance .
great in west wing , great in alpha house too .
i think germany is also limited to not allowing nicotine or a very small amount in the e liquid , otherwise , it should be accessible .
all hail our blue , steam - filled god .
my only other ideas are keep switching characters until you get a phone call , or find a 4 seater car and see if there ' s a on - screen tip that mentions getaway vehicle .
stay strong ! everybody moves on , but you move on faster if you keep making the right choices for yourself .
i ' m a dick because i do n ' t want to smash my space bar to have an imaginary party with you , a person i know nothing about , instead of playing the game ?
just got pes today . it ' s honestly a lot of fun .
they are not for , say , violin , but definitely for many instruments . they are also cello ones i believe .
not sure what you were served . i have eaten a lot of seal . very meaty and delicious , certainly not fish food like or fishy whatsoever .
that garden across from the afc always had this super hot hippy chick with dreads working during my time at uva .
this is the correct answer .
your setup flat out sucks . follow a pre set routine written by someone who knows what they are doing .
if someone is driving faster than you , you are a slow car .
it seems that he got the wrong number from dispatch , so i do n ' t really fault him on that aspect .
fuck yes . me too . that game controlled my life for some time .
even if it ' s not that serious , that ' s pretty nice to see . i feel , for the most part , the guys are cool and not assholes or anything .
the majority if canadians vote for left wing parties . if we go for the proportional representation system , we would n ' t have a country ruled by a minority .
sometimes the mark is on their belly , so just flip them over and check if its not on their back .
many country speak english in america : p
they are fucking vile not all of them but a big chunk . just like that video of them throwing snow balls at the niners family just for being niners fans at their stadium .
no , he ' s just confused about how he ' s supposed to act around this woman who keeps flip - flopping on what behavior she seems to want from him .
sounds great , hope you have a good time !
definitely not corned beef . it was ham on italian pizza . i ' m thinking maybe in indonesia restaurants use beef ham and that ' s why they think all hams are made of beef ?
i remember bart saying it was limited , like in a year from now , people are going to wish they got it so amc ends when s2 ends , which is far from over .
i was asked to attend a zone training to help out with some stuff as a convert . never felt more like i was watching a hivemind than when i was there .
bernie is far to the left of the democrats and is on par with stein .
the united states is already working really hard to wear that crown .
but thats still only a name for the punch . its obviously not an actual infinite mass punch or anything hit by it would turn to dust or something
my thoughts exactly , i do n ' t listen to phish for a week before the show , thats my ritual .
that ' s my point lol , why can we get void and not other rewards . makes no sense .
this . pretty sure the league could rename the mvp award the kobe bryant mvp award and put a giant statue of kobe on the top and kobe would get no money out of it .
fuck yeah . i still chase them sometimes out of frustration but does n ' t always go my way .
not really . if the front page is full of naked chicks . is n ' t that pretty much a softcore porn reddit ?
shit , you gotta grind all the way to rank 20 to have enough team cost to run a viable team ! it ' s totally balanced guys , do n ' t worry . this is just for end - game players .
i love cleaning my noose , it gets gross after a long days work .
and in failing to do so , they made a sentence that was not grammatically correct . so their spelling error led to a grammar error .
i ' d have a hard time not ordering a beer myself and dumping it on their heads if they did that kind of crap deliberately .
she ' s also the first woman to have her own show at cn
yeah , it looked like it was a sprain . possibly a tear , he was writhing in pain .
a million things play a part in logistics , not each of those million things are of equal importance to lafayette .
i have n ' t gotten to that stage . is this hair in the canal or on the outer part of the ear ?
i just carry an extra bicycle .
are you free right now ?
ready ! let me know when your gates are open !
it ' s amazing how everyone forgot the numerous failures of apple under steve jobs . he was n ' t perfect , and neither is tim cook
there is n ' t a definitive answer either way as far as i know . his source he posted does n ' t support his statement .
well obviously . i mean how would they play the games without arms ?
lol exactly . i feel like people forgot that god gaben was satire etc
xd that made me laugh .
this man speaks the truth .
hey hey hey , he only killed one . the other just got injured . give the guy some credit he ' s not that bad .
as a shitlord , i take offense to that . please do n ' t compare cosmo to any of my work .
old guys are probably the most common patrons . a good looking young guy would probably be suspicious .
what ? everyone should be polite regardless of their gender .
dj logic killed it last year , i did n ' t expect to want to stay in the silent disco for so long .
your console probably downloaded it in low - power mode . if you go into mm and see the new search screen when finding a game , you should have it .
your more but hurt than most seahawks fans .
leg cramps are distracting . i ca n ' t orgasm with shooting pain in my legs .
yeah it is n ' t the first time she ' s been seen in the nude but damn if she is n ' t fine .
yes its chicken . i ' m saying i ' m not gonna stop eating a lot of chicken , because , it is chicken .
news stations care about credibility now ? i thought the fox model proved it was n ' t important .
i ' m pretty sure you ca n ' t trade compensatory picks .
its minor . he ' ll be fine within 2 at worst .
i made a small one that can beat all the levels .
cops will never do you a solid . im not saying it cause i hate cops or anything , but literally a cop will only build a case that ' s their job
good point .
i ' m not sure what my top 10 list would look like , but those were the names on the top 10 qb thread .
same here . need happy ending .
it ' s more that i ' m glad he gets to do more and hopes he keeps on making great movies like prisoners and nightcrawler .
yeah , that ' s something i ' ve definitely been experiencing . it ' s kind of exhausting to read at this point . everything event is so heavy .
the problem however is that it is still shit .
he ' s the bulgarian brute .
yeah , i am making crazy digg money .
meh , some breeds have been inbred into becoming fucking weird like pugs and english bulldogs but most are n ' t anywhere near that bad . you do n ' t need a mutt to have a happy and healthy dog .
ehh i just consider a game value on how much i enjoyed it after i finished replay just icing on the cake .
let ' s just hope he never works at the steel mill .
high five !
i do n ' t think a company can own a team can it ? they ' ve put pretty strict rules in place to avoid another green bay style franchise for some reason .
nah i ' m pretty sure fellaini ' s going down on her in that picture
trap was mixed when it started as an olympic sport .
do n ' t forget randy orton delayed one of his comebacks by months when he had a motorcycle accident .
i prefer rifle , but i ' m not sure if longbow is better or not . longbow certainly has more utility to it , but i just ca n ' t put down my pop gun .
can you hire a mover to move a single item ? i ' m not moving the entire house , just the table .
you must have an array of toys that are not commonly known to man kind .
from a high of around a million in the 2nd century ce , the population in 300 had likely fallen to around half to three quarters that .
ya . they put on a damn good show for how small the coliseum is .
fuck yeah . cat power is damn good .
well i won the great war , but at great cost . i was france and i took on britain and germany .
you seem to be a new user . that ' s fine , but i ' m sticking to my karma qualifications - if you can make it to near 100 karma by the 4th you ' ll have your chances of winning , though .
casual fans will no doubt , that comes with the territory of being great like harden is . dude balled out the last two games and still lost , that must hurt .
just finished playing some of it and so far its fantastic .
it ' s called a highway
if you do n ' t mind me asking , what would be the ideal race ?
pulls also end in locking out . push is pushing something away from your body , pulls bring it it in to body . hamstrings are most definitely worked in squats .
last year i turned 21 and was unable to make a game down in detroit . you bet that i ' m gonna make a game down there and have a beer and hot dog because america .
drive . that is just a perfect movie .
it ' s a guy and he is already dating my friend but thanks
with a quick stop in cuba to pick up some cigars !
or tsunami trixie .
it was n ' t doing much for me before the double quit . i was n ' t really rooting for anyone .
are n ' t there a bunch of annoying dicks backpacking through there these days ?
if in fact that is the reason , that ' s fucked up . i feel bad for them now .
just change his running animation to him scrambling around and its an amazing skin again .
as another vineyard council member , i give this project my full approval too . also , science is a nerd
i ' ll take any advice . so what should i do about my team ? and dats and lindros are both 50k so if i was gonna buy one which would be better ? also what about my defense
ah yes , the thrill of installing risky software
and what the fuck is your point ? anyone who cooks regularly can nail anything given the correct ingredients , recipe , and equipment .
they ' re his favorite . it ' s the only tv show he watches . it ' s like toddler crack .
maybe this is how we get those stories about terrorists blowing a couple terrorists up trying to set explosives ?
well that ' s where i ' m a little pissed off . we were headed in that sexual direction . but as soon as it was brought to the real world she put it at a distance .
hey , it ' s your duck .
wisdom teeth removal is usually considered more of a surgical procedure than a dental procedure . removing wisdom teeth is a lot more complicated than pulling any other tooth .
what new car suggests 20w - 50 ? my air - cooled harley requires that at a minimum .
i had a feeling someone would ask for a bear with a television as a head and pianos as legs .
have a really big recruit from wichita that plays 4 years from roy williams and you can get a game also .
more like cat food .
do n ' t worry , the dirt is green there . just go to a desert and revel in how lush it looks .
vapor chef really needs to get some bigger bottles .
i doubt he can make a basilisk ; that knowledge has probably been lost .
you gotta admit they took war is horrible to another level compared to most places .
why not surgeons ? they ' d have a similar career path right ? suddenly go from no money to tons of money ? right ?
yeah , the fact you ca n ' t speak on the topic in neutral language makes me not want to engage with you .
if you do n ' t like it you can always edit the players yourself . that ' s kinda the point in having the ability to do so .
i think water would win . the steam and everlasting volume of water would win in the end , the flamethrower has limited fuel .
i can see where you ' re coming from . i guess that ' s just another case of games being able to tell stories a movie ca n ' t .
was it in binary ? or some sort of weird riddle ?
would be cool to see the south . however hope that there are n ' t a lot of inbred swamp people like point lookout . they were so creepy .
or maybe brook gets back his flesh body in his twenties , and has to deal with all the new things he can and ca n ' t do as a result of now having skin .
it was a good boat , with an unfortunate name .
i do n ' t doubt that they know all about it . i just doubt that they have any desire or the political will to fix it .
what the fuck is wrong with you ?
oh shit ! that sounds amazing .
but i thought i was doing my part in saving the earth by downloading a kia !
you give me your number , i call you up , you act like your pussy on interrupt i ai n ' t got no problem with you fuckin me but i got a little problem with you not fuckin me odb was da man
creator was misleading , but i was referring to the fanservice which is an illustration thing .
jackson has n ' t been nearly as bad as wood has been this year .
you can . from a distance using a high f stop .
that is one way of looking at it . another way is that the belt is only there to hold the gi together . it does n ' t deserve that much meaning .
as a wisconsinite outside of the state , go out on friday and enjoy the biggest perch dinner you can find because no one else does deep fried , beer battered perch like they do it in green bay
ok you got me , i ' m definitely going to be reading that .
you can pretty much throw it into any deck that makes level 7 ' s .
that ' s a gross insult to pit bulls . i demand satisfaction
it does n ' t stop the botting though , it just pushes it into quick match where it affects more people .
or if you failed to plan on living as long as you have .
that ' s what i thought figured it would n ' t be a bad idea to confirm on the dreamhack one .
i think it ' s just seeing what works for the playoffs if it needs to happen . nothin to really freak out about . i agree with ya .
just dont clean it ? i never clean my grip . i wouldnt spray windex on it if i were you .
no , ive played wow on it for a couple of hours doing raids . update your drivers
i live in louisiana and that shit is everywhere at my university . it does n ' t even get that cold here .
on the bright side , every time an alzheimers victim has sex , it ' s like the first time .
yeah should work . just google how to , it ' ll be easy enough .
every 90s cool kid ' s dream .
i brush it with butter , salt , pepper , and some chili powder and then grill it . absolutely delicious .
do you reckon that ' s what prostitutes think when they ' re finishing a man off ?
i ' m insanely high in mescaline .
i think its how much damage the players are actually doing , not damage potential that is the issue . they seemed to be hitting for less than i would have expected .
head like a fucking orange .
they could do that very easily . they ' re just being disingenuous assholes because they think it makes a point . it does make a point , just not the one they think .
there is definitely an ad vibe from that show .
deeper meaning because the word is most commonly used in a non - pejorative way ?
lion even better . 2 hard disables for s p a c e c r e a t i o n
remember being able to text without looking at your phone ?
a predatory freshwater fish .
yep , she was hands down my favorite person at hirez . she has done a lot for the ga , and t : a community , as well as the smite community .
that ' s the only reason i can think of too , i still find it counter intuitive when you ' re struggling to put bums in seats . just ask for id before if it ' s a safety concern .
he went to the secret nasa base because he left the coordinates for himself in the dust .
there is no cure other than space cash .
it ' s more disturbing than adorable when you also have your 9 year old niece in the car .
yeah me too ! it really takes the whole day away . there ' s no point posting anything else aside from exchange posts because it ' ll get drowned anyway .
gout ' s not so bad , it used to be known as the disease of kings .
oh god . i hate riding in the car with someone on the phone .
what jim said , but also my keyboard does n ' t have a num pad either but if i hold the fn key i can use the numbers on my keyboard just fine .
i ' m going to take a guess and say you live in a city , no ?
why would op care about how na looks if he is eu . eu has nothing to do with his point
i ' ve always heard good things about that one and i know they do pretty fascinating research . was n ' t that the one that had the juvenile white shark a few years back ?
okay so then the ground filters the water , water in the water table usually goes through a pump house which has filters etc etc .
he ' s not my real dad ! he ' s only the step father of machines .
i ' ve been looking around online and i ca n ' t seem to find it . if i stumble across is somewhere i ' ll let you know !
ever been to iv ? plenty of beautiful women that have never been shot .
no , just remove the cel lamp : p
i ' m having knee , stomach and hip pain issues . i feel like crying at the thought of doing it haha at least you got a comfy robe while you wait to get ready !
oh yeah , he ' d be pretty good i think . i remember i thought of a guy a while back who would be awesome . perfect age and level of celebrity , all that . i ca n ' t think of him now though .
i have vague memories of netscape navigator from elementary school , along with organ trail being a thing . good times .
he ' s confusing yankees with yuppies i think
ive worn the same cloth vans belt since i was 8 .
squirm ? he made a joke of the backers .
yeah i ' ve always wanted to make one like that but have no clue how to make a map
i ' ve seen psus that will pass a pin voltage test but fail on load . i would try a known good psu , that ' s the only way to know for sure .
thanks man ! i ' m glad you noticed it !
it really is clear cut , you ' re kinda fucked up if you ' re gay and still vote against giving lgbt people rights
ultimately the same thing tho . if people are curious , i ' ve provided them all info they need . plus i had the citation handy from my paper
bullets in the water , sausages on the land .
what do you think of consultants carrying pistols ? i think we ' re getting into that fun area where one party ' s rights come up against another party ' s rights .
she deserved to win . it was the one fair nom for boyhood imo . her speech otoh
packaging primarily . eu lists the collection under the logo and the name of the character appears on the right hand side . i ' ll check the numbers on the base when i get home tonight .
he has been playing kind of okay , so he has to get those old tricks in there still
that was pretty much the only tape i had at the time . little dubs was n ' t particularly enlightened when it came to music back then
could n ' t agree more . i never truly understood how big and desolate a place could be until i took a bus ride between towns in that part of argentina .
it ' s a bullshit web site , but widely read , and i linked it as an example of how misguided some people are regarding certain cases .
i ' m mostly an infantry kind of player . in the past i would usually pick assault
ever been at the airport when someone starts screaming that they do n ' t care if the engine has problems ?
that ' s understandable . i can only imagine how tough being in a war is . take it easy dude .
he let the girl manage the account and is putting her on to explain where all the money went .
no , yeah , 48 hours of grinding is super fun .
yea she does n ' t even look that dark , someone above posted the original image and it shows it ' s heavily photo shopped .
i know the feeling . to me updating the standings is a much more productive use of my time than learning the secrets of the unit circle .
best wedding ever .
maybe you are just hanging out with the better crowd ?
they ' re only selling the hats in person , the person below you is incorrect , but we both need to find someone in attendance .
so if you think that is big ? just wait until you order pancakes at hawaiian style cafe on big island .
i agree . i use thon often as a talking point for how penn state is more than just football or why i love penn state so much , but to use it in a pissing match with a troll is n ' t cool .
cool . keep being wrong , im good with that . assumption makes an ass out of you and me .
plus i like less government please . stop wasting my money .
they live in the academy most of the time , there has been military co - op for a long time , i had a few friends who are naval engineers studying abroad in pakistan for 6 years .
viking poltergeist sounds like a really cool band name .
i think a collection of personal anecdotes would probably be more powerful in recommending a show than one person relentlessly over analyzing something , and pushing out a 10 page essay .
i agree . i like what he brings , but he can get a little long winded .
and the british were not an occupying force . they were there to defend against the indians .
where in the midfield does he play ?
i thought he was going to leave to go join damage control . what with his reliance on construction equipment .
yes , i wonder how long a time it took to get that picture . cause that cat is yawning as you say . that photographer is either very lucky or very patient .
yes , give my miracles pain free deck manipulation . please .
do n ' t forget to bring evidence . i ' m not scaring you , but your case sounds serious .
you ' ll definitely enjoy the show then . i believe the next season is starting soon , too .
how was this downvoted ? no finish whatsoever and this table will be ruined inside a year .
sink line in hooker ?
i ' m sure morris hearing a straight up lie will improve his game tenfold ! it was laughable at best and offensive to anyone with half a brain , including the entire roster .
i ' m considering a degree in physics with an emphasis on astronomy , actually !
the shaft and pubes look pretty similar , different heads though . haha we ' re dick bros
you might have . i go there maybe every other month . if it was smoke free , i ' d go way more often . love that place
not really . ash is going a bit crazy . trying to do game moves but now has an awareness of the house like bobby 5 days ago .
i do n ' t know about now , but when he was starting it was basically twitch plays hearthstone because he had never played before and would just take chats advice . pretty cool .
nice ! i was originally confused when i saw that they were on a proper performance stage , but only played two songs .
pc richard ' s jingle . li appliance company
he will die soon , either from the cancer or the very harsh treatments .
strep throat is the worst . hope you feel better man .
that ' s a nice look it ' s gonna catch on . continue !
the jump shot is money . that ' s about it im afraid .
i ' ll let you know once i hear from my lawyer , he hasnt called me in two days after i left him a message
wow that was really quick ! thank you : d
it ' s all good on the field of jeans .
every farmer i know has just inherited their farm , sends their children to private school etc etc
and act as invisible armor . so it does protect to some degree . we just have no idea what that degree is .
well if it makes you feel better that child is now an adult in prison most likely .
because 4g sucks . do n ' t know why you need bitcoin to do this though .
i had it in my head that her age mattered for surviving childbirth . is that not the case ? no console ? then you ' re probably , sadly , screwed .
i have a microsoft student edition i been sitting on for a while , where do you actually sell them ? ebay seems too risky to toss them on there .
after seeing how effective pathways are , i think i spend an equal amount of time on them now as i do on roads .
fuck me .
ah god dammit ! no wonder , it ' s always sunny in cali . we ' ve been getting super lucky with the weather this year and it ' s been fantastic for riding !
free right now , in about 7 hours i ' ll be off work .
i could n ' t tell , the puck was in a glass case with some other stuff and the coa was underneath it .
use mineral spirits - it ' ll evaporate but give you a better idea and help clean it .
yes , nevermind her pesky degrees in biology and chemistry .
ah , that was what i meant . edited to show it .
stack tags with tags and make sure you buy the cool down module for locks pls .
that ' s a top notch union job . do n ' t hate
it was a craigslist find and i spray painted the metal supports a matte orange color .
i ' m sure they can . this version would n ' t even need to be able to leave the atmosphere , so they can ditch the bulk of the engines . fly through the gate , oppress , fly back , go home .
that might very well be true . there are some dialect that i understand about as easily as afrikaans and i have had more exposure to those dialects .
oh most definitely . not a huge fan of her style now , but i understand she has grown as a person and is not the same person she used to be . i ' m ok with that : p
on steps one does not run in heels . the shoe tends to come off when you try . why ? basic geometry . this is n ' t disney being dumb this is a sadistic level of attention to detail .
nope e3 has been in june for as long as i can remember . you do n ' t want to miss build next week either if you ' re a microsoft fan . it ' s the 29th .
i think the current state of the world and the tendencies of the human person disagree with you .
keep in mind albion online is pay to win and pay to play alpha .
so only one person gets to take credit for something good , but the country collectively takes credit for things done that are bad . is that right ?
twenty one pilots made some huge waves at lolla 2013 . their set would be quite crowded if they play 2015 as it is .
it has been a while since i read the book .
they did . sadly a common misconception is that it will buff ad ' s . been seeing a lot of comments and stuff going on about it .
definitely the milkshake . pour it over your head and just kind of let it seep in throughout the day .
good for you . i hope i have similar luck .
that ' s not true at all . if you ca n ' t hear joy in any modern singers you are n ' t listening
not really . its two or more people planning to commit a crime . planning to see a movie is n ' t a conspiracy , planning to distract the cashier and sneak in the back would be .
because this happens all the time there . you forget that honduras has the most dangerous cities on the world . this wont even make the front page of their news paper trust me .
considering that his shot was more like marion for half his life , makes sense .
it would seem as though the original poster prefers the company of men .
dont cut yourself on that edge !
yea , the range on eclipse is bad . so its good only if you ' re side to side . therefore i prefer rhino for other missions than rep farm
we are gifting money to a for profit company - that was what i was told as a valid reason to avoid the game
i do wish the font had a lower case . i think it would be easier to read if everything was n ' t in capitals .
they are not good 1st dogs , hard to train , etc . you know i ' m sure !
it would n ' t matter since you fail the gate if you get hit , not when you get knocked off . but my guess is no .
sounds like a lots valuable information for a case study . maybe orange plastic cheese affects brain cell development ? perhaps the stains on their shirts can be scientifically classified
baron ' s a nice guy , he does n ' t do anything to you unless your provoke him .
hmm i tried doing that and it did n ' t work for me unfortunately .
how the fuck are you gonna say that after not watching any of it , you ' re just going off your assumptions . that ' s some opie shit man gotta get context
i would like to see something in a different time period , something not tied into the main star wars story .
ok , thanks . i can tell that this community are nice , based on all the good replies to my post .
the mind reads what the mind wants .
not actually a pun .
vaughn is so weird compared to the other names . you ' d think it ' d be don , lon , jon , and ron .
pew research is now showing us that a hobo will , in fact , eat a ham sandwich . back to you bob .
in cases where you really have to give someone a title , but they ' re a bit shit .
your dad ?
even now , they ' re still part of murdoch ' s empire ; the man himself is ceo of 21st century fox .
it ' s basically two different bands , but syd ' s work was definitely amazing .
well it ' s not like hendricks has been bad per say , he ' s just been pulled early a lot .
that ' s basically how i feel about this entire subreddit .
oh i agree . my point is that even if there was fraud , i still do n ' t think it would have been large enough to cause farage to lose .
same homie solo fits people like us better anyways , ya know ?
ugh , total omega male loser , right ?
given your post history i can only assume you are directing that comment at the original author and not at me .
do you even zodiac ?
maybe wool socks ? they are warm but breathable and are made to stand up to hiking abuse . i like to wear them with my croc slides for ultra norm core .
i thought so , but never tried this myself so i did n ' t want to pass on unconfirmed information .
gnu ' s not unix
there are n ' t true dictionaries in js . just use an object literal and set properties on it . that ' s how it ' s normally done in js .
somebody put tom cotton on suicide watch .
take brain , roll it in var , put back in head , understand everything .
i have seen a lot of shit and been able to laugh but that was horrific and fuck you .
wow , didnt notice , ill ask mods to delete . of course i noticed it ' s pheasant .
should n ' t twinkie be the word for penis ? cause it ' s phallic shaped .
beards are grown by men who have so much trust in their face that they know a beard is n ' t gonna make them look bad
thanks for the suggestion , but this actually started happening right after i flashed in stock 5 . 1 . another reset probably would n ' t help
wish we could trade ! i ' d give you my speakeasy for that rip . i was surprised at the amount of hit markers i got with the speakeasy in hc .
i ' m saying we can see him in a future game .
just like they told us they they slit catelyn ' s throat and threw her in the river , they told us they did what they did to rob and grey wind , the wolf is dead man
wp is way better in almost all cases . look at the top rated petals in the game . the data is there to support it .
while i ' m not personally a nihilist , i can definitely appreciate some of the philosophies from time to time .
it ' s great if you have adhd too . i need to do something else if i watch tv shows are listen to books , so these are perfect for keeping my hands occupied .
yeah , because you see him on the field . if you just saw some large man walking around chicago in casual clothes you ' d also think twice about who he was .
or maybe if you paid attention to the news . i was 13 when this happened and i clearly remember the story . and i do n ' t live in florida . it was major news .
definitely the right choice !
you use a colon in an ordered list .
thanks , the fittings turned out nice . the coil on the other hand was harder to bend than i expected .
lizard with eight legs , venomous bite and its specialty : medusa stone - gaze . usually considered to be big fuckers .
yeah , but it leaves me wondering if there ' s anything for signals to be found in modeling pro hockey . i saw nothing like this game in my numbers .
oh right . i thought amphetamine and mdma had a cross tolerance
the point went right over your head . who will hire you to proofread when you obviously ca n ' t write ?
omg ! that is an item not as described case in the works right there !
i do n ' t know mr wavy i am sure if you think he can kill k - shine wavy has a fast flow ?
ahh quaker state them and thier infamous wing challenge .
found a trait that will show me to use it on one spell , think it was magical lineage i can use empower on the spell i chose the same time as the feat at wizard 3 or sorcerer 4 correct ?
thank you sir . it ' s nice to finally be here !
agreed . if you just want to eat the kobe beef , you can stop there for lunch and make it back without losing too much time . kyoto should be several days at least .
i agree . i was really not expecting to enjoy it as much as i did . it actually made me almost sad and nostalgic , remembering my days as a teenager like them .
you probably wo n ' t even have to buy a separate hip or shoulder straps . rei or similar should have spares on hand for this kinda thing .
us version is more about finding enjoyment in the people you work with , not the job itself .
i disagree . i like the piercing . really cute face , just need to lose a few pounds .
my favorite is fourth of july . it ' s probably the laziest song fall out boy has ever written , but it struck a chord with me the first time i listened to it .
spit my water out . holy crap , i have to try that next time i ' m on base .
as an older sibling , i completely related to hobbes in this one .
you harass random players in game and out , and they do n ' t appreciate it . where ' s the funny joke ?
maybe he ruined the caramel , but at least he can destroy the one ring once and for all .
what color were they when you started ?
i think it is one of those things where the person doing it thinks they are cool as hell but everyone else looking on is just wondering what the hell they are doing .
so you do n ' t wash your razor off ?
wouldnt the bball court get super cold , or condensation on it then from the heat of the arena but cold of the ice ?
and baroque music is n ' t classical ? that ' s new to me , as well as to the rest of the world .
oh yeah !
brb . gonna get some honey nut cheerios
yes . ute is short for utility truck .
no . people talk , and there would have to be a letter sent home for bedbugs , if they had children in the school district .
but what if there is a monkey in a glass cage with a home - made chair weapon ?
he should really find a different practitioner . otherwise the first practitioner could face sanctions from the voodoo practitioner ' s bar association .
i ' m now imagining the guy on the oatmeal boxes ripping out keyboard keys in frustration .
i do n ' t use bots but it ' s all about survival of the fittest buddy .
i guess i should n ' t admit that 2 of those bottles are port then eh : p
yeah , i hear you . it ' s very frustrating at times . i simplify it a lot actually and use the pattern mostly as a general guide .
ya , but how much plus egg investment does he need and what team can do that .
yes , it does . bit you ' re also entitled to a life of living in a jail . human life is considered sacred in the eu . we do n ' t have executions any more for that very reason .
yeah , my family in hall county said they have n ' t had power since 6 last night
lol i find that guys are easy to please . hand or any other body part . pretty much any contact or idea of contact works . girls , on the other hand , are a whole different puzzle .
that ' s what made the difference . a non burn hobgoblin does n ' t come close to killing in one shot
he will be remembered more for his fuck ups than his success . he took massive talent and pissed it away . he put himself in bad cars and bad situations again and again .
that ' s exactly what i though . in fact , i felt like britta was in this series and not mimi rose .
eh . thats a serious stretch . drive 70 miles out on the island to a pumpkin farm and tell me that . plenty of people in suffolk do not commute to the city ever .
and as an anarchist why should i care ? i encourage syriza to break the law .
he can still want chastity in his future girlfriend and be a slut himself . it ' s absolutely hypocritical . but nothing is ever black and white .
ah , you are forgetting marriage was created as an exchange of property . where women are property of men . i know because it says so in the bible and the koran .
huh , interesting . i ' ve only been to spain a few times and never ordered a martini , but i guess there you have it .
yes , absolutely : find a piano arrangement you like , rip it off , but make it sounds different where you can . i like preston key ' s work . i ' ve boosted tons of that shit .
it ' s perfectly normal and big strong womyn should n ' t lower their standards for anything less .
i remember shanghai ' d because it was always followed by gary takes a bath , which was the only episode that my mother thought was n ' t brain - rotting stupid .
what do you think the smoke coming out of the cooling towers is ? uranium ?
i do n ' t think they ' re pedos ; i think they ' re asshats that are trying way too hard to accept another culture ' s practices because they want to be accommodating .
having an extra box of jell - o is the opposite of a problem .
it ' s ok . it ' s not the kind of thing most people have to deal with on a regular basis . that ' s why we have professionals to help us with it .
soy sauce ? rice vinegar ?
not sure as i dont take cold showers i shower with warm water but i switch to cold only when i wash and rinse my hair . other than that my water is as hot as it can get lol
i would get fired faster than i finished writing passwords on a sticky note .
i finished season 2 last night and started reading the manga and it is great so far lol . i really hope they make season 3 at some point though
at work . where they usually dont pay . you think we buy groceries your very mistaken lol
no that makes no sense . people are n ' t playing a game because of personal preference . that ' s completely valid . not sure what your argument is trying to prove
no , its from dawn of war . the orcs say it
quick google search confirms my opinion . dark is weak against bug ? yeah that makes complete sense and is super easy to remember .
i ' ve had my xj for several months , and the light has only come on for me once . i have plenty of other issues not related to my engine , though .
i do n ' t agree that it ' s an impossibility , merely that the reverse seems to be a more common occurrence .
alumni stadium , anyone ?
albino means you appear white and thus still receive white privilege you race traitor .
the us navy has no box , it goes where it pleases !
you ' re probably right but what scares me is the fact that currently there are no regulations .
shit , i grew my beard out so long i could almost braid the whole thing together but i would never define myself as rugged .
i agree . the css guy on our mod team is fixing that . i would love for you to join and help us posting and spreading the word !
where do you work ? are they hiring ?
i mean i do n ' t really mean cheap as in like 20 dollar cheap i mean like as long as i ' m not paying over 50 dollars , excluding shipping , for it i ' m fine .
dimples is dimples is dimples . even when acquired via piercing , they still look hella cute . i forgot to mention that smile . smiles like that pierce my soul .
do you really suck cock with that mouth ?
quad is a terrible design : it has no engine - out capacity . here ' s a flying jeep prototype running on six props , three a side .
i would refer to non - amoral criminal activity as civil disobedience , though , not criminal activity . the person who claims it is criminal activity probably thinks it is amoral .
there should not be two competing display server protocols with different ecosystems that run on the same platform . a display server protocol is totally different from a text editor .
like the warthunder map in the alps .
not only ignored , sped up and went on the wrong side of the road . i cant say the truck drivers academic abilities are much better than his driving .
was this in - person then ?
but that response is just oh so fun to give , rather than put any thought into an intelligent reply .
thruster fuel ca n ' t melt steel beams !
big beautiful whale .
head lamp , bro . where it ' s at .
equally if you ' re from a war torn country you may well disagree . i dare say the youth of syria know a thing or two about the realities of war .
feature wise , does palo alto meet all the 4 requirements i have ? heard them alot but never got a chance to play with it .
it ' s tomato juice .
yeah , would be cool if the plant life automatically changed .
fair enough . did n ' t know they had used the cougar for two years as the golden spirit .
i like the sound of that !
idk man , the band wilco is pretty cool
okay , so it ' s about personal taste . i get it . i would n ' t want the mushrooms either .
i would love to hear more about this . can you explain some or point at a good beginner - level resource ?
good on ya . for some reason in my head you were caffeinated dj . just now noticed the star wars reference .
terrific .
which was awesome in the game but the cost of losing another ability is too great in this game .
yeah that ' s probably a big part of why it ' s like this . i sleep on my side , and i try to sleep on my other side but i often wake up on this side .
was not aware that there were stereotypes about the state of connecticut . also kind of forgot it was a state
i am now imagining a fat , balding , middle - aged man standing over a conveyor belt and shitting out little pizzas .
just talked about something similar with a coworker the other day . they could do a story line of chinese ninjas fighting japanese samurai .
wow , nice meme !
someone who fucking skips ?
i ' m taking a nap , well trying .
color of the tongue is also off from the rest of the shoe .
means the chick is fat , and wants to pretend that it ' s a good thing .
what movie ? it would be great if there was a movie . too bad there was never a movie , but at least there is n ' t a badly made one by m . night
thermal visual representation of methane gas being absorbed through the butt , or rectal cushion as you smart people call it .
vore is consumption , so anal vore is a fetish about consuming someone through your anus or being consumed by someone ' s anus
oh hell yeah ! you wanna hear some rock shit listen to the rest of this album , sky blue sky ! not a bad song on that record
i made it last night .
does one carefully placed ring qualify ?
i ' m a zionist . god bless israel .
god she was terrible as betty . can you imagine her barely there voice as red she - hulk ?
that particular model would manage better that most car , seeing as it ' s equipped with awd from the factory . hopefully he has the tires to make the most of it .
warp drive defeats the purpose of transfer orbits . i do n ' t believe you have any idea what ' s going on here .
they rebuild their homes often in japan , it has something to do with the now dead who used to live there . so finding any place at all that has n ' t been rebuilt is rare .
i saw that , my bad . i felt really good about myself for a minute there , using math and research to prove a point .
hahaha , fair enough . yes , it does sound very silly and juvenile .
click the links i provided in that post . there are plenty of examples . the video in the bottom link makes a particularly compelling argument .
seattle . brazil that is really cool .
why just touch screens being unsanitary ? surely anything you come into physical contact with is unsanitary .
all good mate , quite surprised so many people like the track tbh !
some men just want to watch the world burn .
i wonder how they pronounce it , seeing as v has an f - sound in german
i love the match where johnny saint gets tired of his antics , loses his shit , and breaks his nose .
the vapor is amazing and so much flavor . easily my favorite flavor or cloud chaser i ' ve ever had .
he has n ' t been particularly inspiring in front of goal though . not just on the ball either , he also has n ' t been too creative with runs behind the defense .
you mean the documentary i can watch on hbo right now ? they probably should have talked to hbo about that . i do n ' t need reddit to watch that silliness .
yeah , santa cruz would be about a 2 to 2 . 5 hour drive at that point of the day . we ' ll let you know how the pliny is .
awesome , i ' d love to see it
are you implying this justifies the murder ?
that ' s true . i think that makes this type of thing really interesting to discuss , because it ' s all so subjective .
it ' s a figure of speech . mcdonalds food is so gross , i had to compare it to something i could only assume would be very disgusting . i was being facetious .
at least one of his red robin costumes was more of a tunic than plated body armor , at least on the torso , so you might want to try that . unless you ' re going for the new 52 look .
no , i agree the 4 horsemen theory is n ' t a good fit . my valhalla thoughts were separate from op ' s theory . i think the movie ' s world much less overtly christian .
what is the maximum number of points earned with the 1 . 5x ?
and if some poor woman who wanted to get advice on her sewing got caught in the crossfire , well too bad right ? because calling obese people names is what ' s truly important !
down syndrome makes the person with it suffer . the families taking care of them , and many others to .
machines are precise . hands are not . hands will not make nearly as strong of a seam as a machine will .
does n ' t change the fact that i think muller would be a weird behaving guy . : p
really different though when it ' s a company violating the law vs . the government doing it , though i would like to see more stringent rules and penalties for companies hiring illegal aliens .
actually i was surprised when i saw him recording on cds . they tend to go bad in a few years . not a good long term storage .
because as we saw from the survey the other day , this sub is full of left - wing student atheists that hate the tories ?
profit opportunity missed . the business has to be rough nowadays , they might want to look into that .
dude no way ? i ' m from spokane too haha go chiefs !
i wear it as punishment for being bad with the face editor .
i have him and am looking to sell him . not particularly interested in asg nash and already have kronwall . anything else you want to trade , or buy for coins ?
i did haha . it still did not work .
it would depend where you live and where the company is based . consumer protections vary and in many countries the right to return a defective product is statutory .
yeah . do n ' t get an obsolete flash or something from a no - name company that is n ' t recognized .
yea that ' s really all that ' s missing . i lift after eating so i do n ' t need the carbs , but some kind of flavor is necessary .
seriously ? white anchors bend over backwards to justify black crime . white people riot , like in vancouver , and everyone is calling them out .
for me it was the sheer joy frank had about being alive , even though he always pretends to not care about anything .
which is why we laugh at them when the aw devs get this right on the 2nd try just because they bothered to listen to the players who play the game .
during the 19th century russia produced some of the finest artists , writers and scientists on the planet .
you can say fuck here do n ' t worry its mod free week baby
he never played a game for us , what ' s his role over there ?
yeah we get it . europe is a great place to live . many americans wish they were n ' t trapped here , including myself .
i ' d ride on your ship , and i do n ' t mean it in a dirty way either !
not everyone who has is a sociopath or psychopath physically harms and murders people .
they are set off by very precise compression . while i expect they would would explode i doubt you would get any where near the expected energy output .
check out the comedian over here , he ' s on a roll
probably was n ' t too bad for the suspension . whatever he bashed on the bottom of the car is probably another matter entirely .
fair enough . tone ' s really hard to convey over this internet thing . someone should probably patch that .
i was thinking pokemon rules , rock mask is resistant to rock but weak to water ?
you just have to be extra careful with the tweezers because they can poke and hurt them . i love the pointy kind for getting the weird shed on his lower lip free .
i would like to come over for the carrot cake please . and wine .
yeah i kinda just want one that works well on any surfaces , care to name which you ' ve liked then ? thanks for the info
no given a choice people will choose what they like . most women do n ' t like tech . obviously some do . just the same as the men in nursing and healthcare .
i know that it ' s been mentioned on reddit before , but i never read into it because obviously , the title does n ' t sound very alarming . it took a turn i definitely did not expect .
why ca n ' t you have a nose that ' s twelve inches long ? then it ' d be a foot .
i can just tell by her glazed ass eyes . she ' s rolling in the deep .
the app switcher seems almost stock , and for me the notification drawer while uglier is much quicker to toggle settings .
if you want to be on the sharp end of the stick , maybe the army or marines would be a good fit .
those ones are like stray cats that are completely human domesticated .
1 character . the other woman we ' ve seen is n ' t like that .
almost every person i ' ve encountered on talking on their cell in public speaks much louder than normal volume , for whatever reason .
he hits the ball so hard , even if they field it , often it ' s hard for them to make the transfer in time . i love it .
clearly he ate it to consume it ' s power .
how many fucking times i have to repeat that it was not the fucking disney fucking land ?
yet you ' d still need a glass bit .
from my knowledge no , but shipping is usually quick if you live on island coming in a day or so early .
it was n ' t actually a terrible game - but the way he ran the company was atrocious , from what i ' ve heard .
is it safe to plasti - dip fans ?
it was the agreement because my car is in the shop .
just gotta chop with fiery passion . your ingredients will be so finely diced !
son of a bitch i did it in the wrong order !
my 4 yr old daughter is like that too . a walk around the block and she asks for a piggy back ride because her legs are tired .
we went to juniper . great food and really nice staff . any place that sweet talks my toddler has my business for life .
coke tastes great if you pack a glass full of ice then fill the glass up with coke .
not that i know of - i guess mine does start out as more of a sharp shooting pain , then basically builds and builds until it ' s just steady and relentless . i hope they sort it out for you !
they let me pay my taxes in gold bars , but i do n ' t have to worry because my friend is a nigerian prince and is going to help me out .
the grass is n ' t greener . you have a good woman and a good relationship . you are not missing out on anything but you will be if you leave .
though theoretically somebody can take it and then fork it without having to start from scratch .
fair enough , as an australian i enjoyed the pirates coming and freeing the mistreated prisoners on a convict ship .
what ' s the point of that , are they trying to trick him into thinking he was submitted ?
i believe zig zag is the shape yes , and they do in fact come in classic thane , but from the evidence op gave they seem to most likely be reflex thane .
i think you can dock multiple ports together . it ' s just quite difficult , since you have to ensure that they all line up .
he was two seconds quicker when he had clean air .
and bam ! i had completely forgotten that ! nice one !
why the fuck would anyone quote that scamming scientologist bastard ?
i mean , literally it ' s hair that grows following puberty so you ' re not wrong .
just do n ' t get the sugar free gummy bears .
that ' s extremist talk that is ! to the british guantanamo for the lad ; or as the locals call it , manchester .
maybe we should play a game going before a crew game this season !
he would act outraged , but be secretly flattered . he would probably scream at her . but then , by that afternoon , they ' d be shopping together .
iran has a whole lot from the ex iraqi air force inventory .
played him in a 400 point game with tw green lantern and he was phenomenal . that tk helped a lot though .
fuck tornado warnings .
geography class must ' ve been hell
it ' s a circle with a horizontal line within it .
ok i ' ll definitely give it to izzo over smart . i still do n ' t think that invalidates my argument that uva did n ' t get screwed . vcu and wichita state are great teams with great coaches too .
so your solution to life is to sell other peoples belongings ?
i doubt if many people will stick up for aden . as for silver , well maybe a couple .
nice as it sounds , i think that i will pass . money is n ' t everything .
there ' s no space between the glass and the pins to move it side to side .
that movie is great , i forgot how much i enjoyed that . will take advantage of this saturday to rewatch that one . thank you !
the majority of people are uneducated and self - interested , and would continue to be so even in a world with karma . going by majority view on issues like these would be a really bad idea .
we ' re gonna be the chicago bears of baseball , are n ' t we ?
was he in full costume ?
no , but i did hear batman beyond . fucking amazing song
axl rose and slash apparently have n ' t spoken since 1996 .
my bad , i meant the tt esports poseidon in the pictures .
her husband is the luckiest man ever .
almost absolutely . these singers do n ' t know what they ' re doing , totally off bass .
wolfenstein , metro redux , sniper elite , dying light , etc .
somebody buy that dude a beer .
i guess to show him he was making them ? i dunno
ha ! just posted the same thing . pretty funny how we used to have to search out any information on computers .
heh , nobody ' s good at sledding , it ' s riding a bucket down a hill with zero control . it ' s surprising how well it usually goes .
dim light or dark ?
right ? and thanks hopefully this drop nf drop will be dope
more x - wings vs tie fighters , less lightsaber ballet .
i did n ' t see the butthole until you mentioned it , and even then it ' s a bit of a stretch .
right back at ya ! love this for my regular breakfast too !
shut the fuck up you professional victim .
he does n ' t take any damage until you kill it .
yo ho it ' s hot , the sun is not a place where we could live . but here on earth there ' d be no life without the light it gives
that would be adorable . with like two little ear holes cut in the top . xd
what i am trying to understand is why no one has asked the question why a parent would let their child - any child , mind you - go to a rave that lasted until 2 : 30am .
to be fair , it ' s the utter twat under the gerbil that ' s technically in office .
it ' s a good place to take the test too . that ' s where i passed and i barely even had to parallel park !
that ' s exactly what i ' m saying . it blew my mind that he got to drive with no issues and when i say that i want to , it ' s a big deal and they refused .
whenever someone points out a relevant username , i have to look at everybody else ' s username .
been our best signing this year in my opinion , his passing is sublime , great movement and vision and finishes so well for a centre mid . love the man
it probably happened once when they fed him leftovers and it just sounds cool to put in a story .
odd . i ' m a christian and i do n ' t endorse it . am i not really a christian ?
serge should try and break j . r . smith ' s 3 pointer attempts in a single game record . it might be the only chance he ' ll ever get .
white vinegar works extremely well for this .
i ' m really liking the inner conch idea ! i ' m not sure about the other ear though , i really wanted an unbalanced look with everything all to one side
no you do n ' t . l1 judge here , this does n ' t work .
that change was reverted . they are still under the gpl .
will use wasabi cause i like it spicy but will try it in the end of the week : d
please make seperate posts for lore : otherwise how will the sub continue as one loooong post ? thanks !
yeah thats the way forward lol , lets not improve it , lets work around it .
one , your eyelids have melted off , and two , from the coffee stockpile you had used on me .
nah , they went 2 - 1 . our win came at home so this might have been specifically for the road .
if cost is the issue with calling him , remember it costs you the same as it usually does to dial a uk number that is currently abroad . he will pick up the international call costs
if i were to guess , i ' d say he is the apprentice . he is pretty young looking to be the master . there is a master , but they are probably saving him for the movie
thanks ! but my plan is to stay in lawrence then ride to clinton , mo for the start of the katy trail for that leg .
i disagree with this . busting public unions is not the answer . that will only result in lower pay and worse benefits for police , not better training or more equitable treatment under the law .
i ' ve seen all the highlights , just have n ' t really seen his full game . guy looks like he ' s a 30 year old vet .
cool thanks . i still have a lot of research left to do but what i ' ve read so far lead me to that conclusion
ty ! ill try no one seems interested in it though ? will people still show up does workshop have to be completed in order for people to be interested maybe ?
have you ever thought about the possible existence of other operating systems than linux ?
there ' s a way to safely handle a shark to minimize harm , i do it as part of my job . not trying to sound like a know - it - all , was just concerned about the shark ' s gills .
you know you ' re all going to die . right ?
in what world would you ever rate black above fenrir or super , based on the dac ? black has hands down been the worst player and the most lackluster out of the entire team .
i think it ' s less luck and more creepy consistency .
your house would also be at the center of a new hole in the earth .
can confirm , know a baby named khaleesi .
hey thanks ! i wish everyone who watched me throw up on myself would still think i was cute
no , he just wins the game on his own .
why not just require archive links or tag articles from those sources as questionable or unreliable or something ? banning seems to be crossing a line .
i was definitely thinking about that for tom , but i never knew what the other guy was really up to . definitely makes a lot of sense since he was talking about money too .
love the song never tried the drink , kind of want to now
russia prefers not to notice its own internal problems and instead prefers creating problems for others while pretending to act righteous .
the nova app drawer tabs on top just kill me ! i like my app drawer nice and clean xd
if seduce juice has an account on reddit , i hope they see this and consider it . pineapple vapes are awesome !
nice !
does it work with unify or unity receiver that logitech has ?
ebonics to me is more a wide variety of slang , but you were right - it was a black guy in white face . i just thought it was some awkward looking britt . im dumb . sorry , man .
yeah . i changed his position to 3b , but then the minor league manager still played him in the of , so i had to force start him at 3b too .
julie andrews tearing shit up is also some pretty awesome imagery .
i think i read it in a rolling stone interview . he was asked about phish ' s comparison to the grateful dead , and if he had ever seen the dead play .
may i ask why ? i have n ' t gotten to use it at all . when would you play it ? where do you play it ? i assume in a control mirror ?
i dunno , man . it ' s hard to tell if loki even has blood , considering when he was decapitated , he did n ' t bleed at all .
i can sit and watch noodles for ever and nothing . i wander off for a drink and my wife is yelling at me for letting water boil over . it ' s a fucking curse , man .
fair . what ' s your go - to comfort food ?
they have a parade every year , what ' s your point ?
it ' s getting cold right now !
did n ' t you guys request to change the colors of your flair ? i ca n ' t find the message .
apparently the items can be earned in game as you play as well and the cash shop is more for convenience so you do n ' t have to wait for them to drop .
no , there is an answer to your question , not an explanation . i will not reinstate your question .
why would you downvote a cat ?
the sith did nothing wrong though the jedi are evil .
when i lived in kc the cops kept smelling chemicals when they came into work . they busted a meth lab right next door to the police station .
but this would be an acceptable way to rehab the prisoners who are willing to change and keep the people in jail who are not interested in rehab .
so those seven round magazine clips would have prevented two or three shots .
how many have you broke and how did you do it ?
pretty much . hickman did a 12 issue arc with him as the main villain . by the end of the second issue , asgard had been wiped off the map .
you ' re thinking of jalen collins . this confused me so many times too . all throughout the draft you ca n ' t just refer to collins being first round talent .
is it really that rare already ? copped the black valley tee in large but it was an impulse thing , i kept the tags on and everything . you think i should hold onto it for a while ?
no , side effect of medication was the cause of one incident that comes to mind . i saw a face on the wall in the middle of the night . that was many years ago , though .
they ' re technically a cake , i believe .
yes but to tweet saying ' we need our own tournament because we are n ' t good enough ' is fucking pathetic . get good or do n ' t play .
ca n ' t help thinking it would get a lot less attention today .
why did the austrians refuse to deal with the italian ?
it means that every where except if you describing kush or cool music . no one , not even cool people describe good food as dank
awesome . keep up the work man . just got a newer computer off auction . hoping it has enough balls to bluestacks and packet sniff so i can do more than randomly scream shit .
ehhh peter pan or robin hood , grab a bow and roam sherwood forest with your band of merry men lol .
although the second to last period should be a comma .
i ' m pretty sure you ' re an idiot . no wait , i ' m certain .
game 1 of the 3 game series nip vs bu .
sorry to hear that , but you should n ' t disregard the 24 other games on the list just because one of them rubs you the wrong way .
i thought that was plano ?
you could always keep the lore very general . like for me , my lore is general enough so that i can claim anywhere in the new world and not have to do any extra work .
why would they have that in stock ? how is it used to repair windows ?
i just did n ' t realise beta were referred to as video cassette
bowling is fun . i should do it again soon .
seriously fuck ray rice . is it that easy to sway our collective moral compass that all it takes is some apologizing ?
so smart , they do n ' t even want to be a vegetarian , that ' s why i love octopus .
because we like listening to his music . and some people like supporting artists they like . it ' s as simple as that .
they ' ve been awesome for us this year ! the whole freshman class has been great , really .
yes , but that ' s only because wwii was like a giant reset button on the planet . nothing was the same after the war .
yes ! it was romani , he was saying solar , which translates to sun in english .
the top of the reddit switcharoo .
bruh check my post history i ai n ' t fuckin with true flights
true . i guess it seems like more due to news and social media exposure .
to be fair , if he was making the mask , why did he have it covered by her hair making it look like a skull mutation ? it looks awesome but confusing at a glance .
perhaps socialism is being destroyed on purpose .
i ' m sure i would feel very safe in any military aircraft . i ' m talking the propeller hats i see taking off from the local general aviation airport .
would n ' t saffron dye clothing with a more red hue ?
see that ' s the thing : i want all three of those , but alaska sounds like the only one where i would find the heat , or lack of , tolerable .
i tend to stay away from corn . coconut oil v is my go - to
just wondering what the downside of that item would be , since every item in the shop is cursed , twilight zone style . a cursed poke ball is interesting to think about .
we are not declaring war .
i have wanted to open a drive - through restaurant in a discussed back for years now . would n ' t it be perfect ?
but they stop working when an enemy is nearby , giving you time to move them or just delete them , no ?
i picked a helluva a day to stop sniffing glue .
correct . cul can wait till last , but having reclaim available for 3 and 4 star crafts will save you some headaches .
no , the spartan iv design looks like the one that you can wear in mp .
or just that fake gold chain . no ball necessary .
i ca n ' t tell if you ' re being snarky with autocorrect errors or going for the spice joke .
same here , it may have been more effective to show a picture of him rather than naming him .
interesting point .
was n ' t that interstellar ? haha , i loved that film .
that ' s a win right there . i have no story to top that . was it really difficult , like did you have to disassemble the car ?
trade verified !
you ' re dad lied to ya , son .
that is strange , where you near a road ?
i ' m in central oregon . just found the axe i was looking for on the lee valley website !
he voices the character in the cartoon . of course he ' ll reprise the role
if you want a fresh set of eyes , pm me for an arrangement
statistically it ' s is now much more difficult than it was in the past .
i ' d say being mentally weak and easy to manipulate is a character flaw . you ' ve still got some work to do there , bub .
a pickup wo n ' t be enough , they need some heavy duty fucking tow truck
desk tidy ? ye gods what is this the 80 ' s man ?
pirated , i ' m playing too without paying liars xd
he ' s going to retire after your club so he wo n ' t move sorry .
that sounds awesome ill check it out ! thanks !
that would be true if their maids were smuggling drugs into the country .
thanks , i will check that out . at this point i am just looking at modifying the bumper so that it is less ugly looking , or maybe replacing it with the version from an earlier z
there was a framed photo of the chilean football alexis sanchez on one of the episodes .
ah , gotcha . that game is incredibly overrated .
the mega , bro .
pow , right in the ginger !
ha their husbands are all rich as hell . they would n ' t risk having an affair and then losing all that easy money the husband gives them .
russia ' s pathway to the entire soviet block is through the south - western border country ? okay .
they changed a birth control and pregnancy billboard to a pro - life ad with a bible verse here in texas . it ' s fucking bonkers
power i guess . thematic builds are always appreciated but i feel they are used less .
yea exactly his hands make up for his lack of speed .
i think it can be argued that the 10k was an imaginary number .
thanks ! the taste is outta this world , really . that ' s my primary focus here .
the irony lies in the fact that dre is testing someone for pot use , but i see how poorly i set up the joke , so irony is n ' t the first thing that comes to mind .
we should n ' t stand behind either . at the very least our govt should be condemning the human rights violations in countries we are allied with . israel , saudi arabia and the like .
it ' s cheaper and less disruptive to build everything new .
your hips and ribcage do play a part in the minimum size of a waist . also , it does have the spine . : p
why ? it ' s not like bob is beating these women into submission . he ' s just using his power to walk away . i think that ' s perfectly fair game .
i have n ' t worn mine enough to see massive change , but yeah , the bottom is nearly black from crap that gets picked up .
you ca n ' t say that its a 1v5 when the entire team is based around the adc to support him .
free ravioli and i can split yard work with some other guys . where do i sign up ?
feel free to offer .
no offense taken . i am not pregnant , fuzzy socks just make my day after i take a shower , put lotion on my feet , and then slip them into nice , soft , fuzzy socks .
and now you two are best friends .
there was that timeline where he never made it to captain because not receiving that life - threatening injury meant he did n ' t take risks . so he now has that personality and the heart thing .
yeah , pretty much .
no , i boosted away - mostly to avoid the station fire .
upvote for mutation xl , great juice well and also has a pretty reasonable deck . op would have a hard time not being able to build a solid setup on it . edit : words
my point is that this is n ' t a picture of surface tension . that happens at a tiny , tiny scale .
there was a post not too long ago about a guy who turned his helmet into a chalk board , this kinda looks like it .
dubai does , considering bombay is no longer a city .
this is correct . silver was much more common in the spanish empire , mostly because of the huge mines in bolivia of which i forget the name . source : i took ap world history last year .
it ' s like a scone , but with 500 gallons of butter soaked into it .
individual tracks !
does it also include stickers ? i know those are an option when buying from his website .
you really suck at this . you just need to print your own . if you do n ' t like africa you could always invade sealand .
hi danielle ! i mostly vlog but i like to do sketches too ! i really like the new daredevil show . i also like supernatural , house , adventure time , and parks and rec .
shut up and take my money !
well , the real answer is for the sake of the story haha , but i like to think mysterio was doing something to the heavy hitters of the x - men too .
guess i ' ll shave my man facial hair and stay docked . lol
i finally took it to the wash . it ' s bizarre , the water freezes right onto the paint and makes it look dirty again .
how about we share the baltics , make them a state we both control , like a neutral ground ?
and only 1 bridesmaid ? need to negotiate for more vomit benefits .
ice are actually okay once they put their big boy pants on , though .
when women sweat , they do n ' t stink nearly as much or as bad as men , on account of different body chemistry .
ah yes , if only marvel had gone bankrupt , then apparently something you are a fan of would be more popular .
i do n ' t know . let ' s invent one . high fashion or something . we ' ll be rich .
so we should cut part of a kid ' s penis because some men are too lazy to wash properly ? sounds like a fantastic idea .
ok but what about when the other team is firing on all cylinders ? that ' s the point you usually dont lose if your firing on all cylinders lol
or the initial genie makes more genies by turning your loved ones into them , erasing their personalities and making them your slaves . genies are crafty .
thanks for the tip ! i ' ll be careful , i ' ve stepped on enough sharp hard objects in my childhood i know the feeling . i got a bunch of the lego friends mini sets and a few regular sets
there is a france canada ?
when you take testosterone it basically triggers male puberty , which includes growing facial and body hair .
i do have an electric handheld drill , but it ' s a very small knife and so i would n ' t have trusted myself to not accidentally mess up the knife itself while trying to get the screw out .
i love that about rodgers . he was a ju - co transfer into cal , so paying homage to his original school is pretty cool .
where is a sweden novelty account when you need one ?
a shame i do n ' t live in the usa
what a scrub , get him of that team . we ' ll trade elite sniper john scott for him and draft picks in the off season . i know it ' s pretty lopsided , but i guess it ' s time for a rebuild .
yeah . thanks .
it ' s just the start . there ' s tons of these coming out for almost every state . we just have to keep playing whack a mole and not let them pass without a fight .
so , what , is he supposed to start dating flora ?
wait , that ' s all i need to do to become king of england ? sweet ! brb , heading off to london .
starry eyes was great , and i loved babadook as well . you should check out a girl walks home alone at night or big bad wolves , those are pretty sweet .
i think a lot of players have that mindset , plenty come out and say they have to find something else to do with their lives .
in theory , but in practice we got turned down because it was only a few parts and would n ' t economically affect the company to do them from scratch .
go for a . wav , for some reason i was thinking about soundcloud and other edm production stuff .
i know a movie based on the martian is coming out , but it seems like everyone keeps talking about that book these days
according to the overhead view , it was n ' t a goal . the crossbar is perfectly in line with goal line and in the overhead view , the puck is never seen past the crossbar .
ai n ' t that the truth . could you imagine harden playing with klay beside him ?
it hits suddenly and makes the rest of the song a nightmare . thank god i play blues
heh . wine coolers taste good though . i ca n ' t stand straight whiskey or bourbon . i used to drink everything straight though .
you might have had a more mild strain though . i had one in my hip about 12 years ago , could n ' t walk for a month . hopefully its a minor one and blake can come back really soon .
because if this was n ' t the case void would now be a t - rex just without eyes and you would still be playing him all day anyway
we get him in one story , and of course he has to die . not that it ' s a bad thing , but you really wish you had more time with these characters .
there has never been one . you are flat wrong . most rely on nodes which by nature makes then not decentralized .
sorry , thanks ! i read the rules but apparently missed that one .
do you know of a modern movie featuring a chain smoking main character who smokes in nearly every scene ?
actually , even aus players are volunteering a tad as all are getting fined for slow over rate .
when the game first came out in na there was a promotional code that got leaked out from one of their real life meet - and - greet event that gave people 50 orbs . not anymore though .
can i join ? sounds great . i ' m pretty bad at robbing banks , but i could drive or something .
to be fair , lyon ' s has been saying this for years .
same with arizona . people never believe me when i say that we have a ton of ski resorts here . it ' s not all desert .
i have had updates break the system because i did n ' t read the news , but it was usually a simple enough fix .
this kind of ladies will use any excuse to gain weight without taking responsibility for it .
eh , the last gold bordered product came out in 2002 or so when card availability was n ' t a big issue . i think things have changed enough since then that it might be different this time around .
oh yeah , tons of cheap beer comes in forties . i ' ve seen those fusion wine cooler things too .
yeah a roll bar would greatly increase the odds of me getting in it . still awesome though .
i ' m the owner of a similarly affected project and i do own the trademark . could i get them to take it down on trademark grounds ?
cheers mate , i ' ll give that a look !
so does that mean you do n ' t like any movie that ' s fiction ? or just horror movies ? not trying to be a dick i genuinely am interested .
like having two winters , is n ' t minnesota great ?
i only play early in the morning , against european players with a - 8 time difference .
the movie , not the book . i think the book had it happen in denver .
yeah , people post other artists related to donald all the time . if those are allowed , chance the rapper definitely should be too .
he is n ' t really . you mostly push with w which is 40 mana for a shitload of autos . the occasional q for harass does n ' t eat much either .
very good , however does your explosive rounds not make the ammo fly and unable to shoot it more than once ?
a queer and gay bunch of homo ' s !
in the 50 ' s scotland was a tory stronghold . opinions change with time .
at some point , if he wants to build his tak subscriber base , he will need to toss out periodic freebies to attract more interest .
i will make myself available 6 hours . should that work for you ?
you do n ' t start a lot of the games in the green tunic . twilight , skyward , wind waker , spirit tracks , and obviously this new one .
2k chose to put their games on sale . steam does n ' t dictate pricing , they only take a cut of the profits .
i was n ' t trying to argue or with you or anything man , just curious what you meant edit : i ' ll go research it
legs are heavy .
my issue with global chat is that there ' s way too much ego involved , i like reading people fight in area chat because it feels more like they do n ' t care who else is listening .
yeah i am very good with numbers and shit with stuff like art and creativity : p
the horns and some of the pattern of his body like the wing membrane and scales are shamelessly mirrored through : l
give me a link to what that looks like ? they ' ll make anything i ask for . pretty cheap too .
an incorrect label .
i ' ve never gotten then to power up from any other side . maybe direct power is different ?
i was n ' t doing mindfulness of breathing at the time of the vision . that ' s usually how i start meditating , and then move into a focus on points of my body .
amazing how far they came with the new one , it ' s a proper car .
is a jackdaw a bird ? if so , it has one .
bruh i ' m just saying prove to me he ' s dead
side - by - side comparison .
the last few days it ' s been 10 to 15 degrees below 0 every morning . i ca n ' t wait for spring
i ' m thinking it also really comes out best with a brand - new set of strings , which may explain why only one of the basses i tried seemed to have it , even with flat eq . sound reasonable ?
plot twist : she turns out to be a lesbian , marries a girl named eve . christians confused wether they won or lost .
weird , over in newton the last two storms have dropped very dry powder . i ca n ' t even form a snowball with it right now .
does n ' t that just mean your team does n ' t have any players good enough to lose ?
i saw someone do it on stream , but they ' ve only been playing for a week or so .
you can later consume the moon stone and you do n ' t really wanna be stuck with an mjolnir on him that ' s the main reason i got it for .
very much so , gotta keep those cowl drains clean , and stay up on that cooling system .
i do n ' t care about that either .
according to paul , they absolutely should n ' t be celibate . celibacy of priests was n ' t catholic doctrine until the 1100 ' s .
i always take a minute or two of waiting time before i go wipe so if anything is going to fall it will .
he comes back with blonde hair and the signature beard . and the goofy green hat .
great ! i shall be sure to check them out .
what color do you suggest ? if i make them white it still does n ' t look good and if i make them red it just looks plain .
alrighty . everything looks good . head over to the names thread .
sorry , this is an old post , but could you link me to a source for vortex ' s revision ? edit : nevermind , just found it
fair fowl .
calm the fuck down .
interesting . my first true sexual experience was to monsters inc . haha
they even have a new warriors inspired region , and they gave it to moon knight and the x - men .
ah but you do n ' t have to worry about anyone borrowing your car when is a manual
a , f , h , i , j , k , l , m , n , o , q , r , s , u , w , x , and y do n ' t .
what is the gold hog ?
i never felt bad for scorch . he ' s a pathological liar and completely deluded , and he does n ' t have the retard excuse like bobo . it was great to laugh at his non - career guilt - free .
and i ' m looking forward to hearing about him losing said command in short order .
on one hand i do n ' t like galloway , on the other i ' d be happy for labour to have one less seat , i ' m split .
no , all you do is perform a proper scientific study to validate the findings from the meta analysis .
well the only way to solve that problem is to build stuff at the boondocks too !
bingo . those cans probably last 4 years after they make them and it would n ' t be hard to just put a different label on something after its been made
frozen are the closest to fresh , in my opinion . tomatoes are better canned , but everything else - frozen wins hands down for me .
well atheism is n ' t a belief system . you cant kill people in the name of lacking a belief in unicorns .
i opened my washing machine to the lovely smell of laundry left in there for over a week .
listen , yellow lantern , i do n ' t have time for your precious ego . take your hurt feelings and go .
i work the same schedule for that very reason . when the snow falls it ' s nice to have fridays off to head up to the slopes without crowds , too .
how can that man be such a successful businessman and still not trust in documentation ?
no , there is no gift tax in canada . as long as the gift is money being transferred , and not property like a house or stock certificates , there are no special tax rules involved .
well , thanks for all the help guys , i went with mm in the end . i think i ' ll switch between the two regularly to see which i like best .
we found their kos list that ' s about it really . i feel kos lists are rather childish . imo you either get killed or become the killer .
yup , keep telling yourself whatever makes you feel like a better person but the truth is that unattractive men are largely considered creeps in the us at least
fascism is not allowed in the republican party ; however , you may be an independent .
lol . would you even consider dating someone who did n ' t make loads of money ? i ask because the lawyers and consultants i know are kind of douchebags . but i guess that ' s a type , huh .
well he is a scot himself . and i did n ' t know they are an english invention , i ' m english and grew up eating them a lot .
that kid is going to have it rough on boy scout hikes .
pls , do n ' t give them more ideas .
look into getting a baritone guitar or a pitch - fork type pedal to keep the string tension of e or eb but with the super low sound .
did it taste good ?
the usa is allies with saudi arabia mainly because of it ' s oil . while they may not be dependent , it would drive prices up a lot and cause huge gas lines .
ha ha ya i just like to see whats inside those big ones . people fond birds and all kinds of stuff .
this is true , and it ' s also just a lack of fresh herbs in general . i keep fresh rosemary , sage , thyme and basil around .
is vore something you would ever want to try out to any degree in real life ? or is that just an internet thing with that fetish ?
the child star thing turns out so badly most of the time that it seems to be a form of child abuse . it absolutely has to fuck with a kids head .
ok , phew , for a moment i had a horrible image of you dunking your plant in scalding water to drive out the caterpillars .
what you eat does very much matter , and the blood brain barrier opens up during sleep .
what do you want , a crusade ? his power is n ' t the same as a thousand years ago ; condemnation is the most he can really do .
lots of insects unintentionally pollinate , like flies . they do n ' t set about buzzing in flowers because their young feed on protein , not honey .
game chat leads to racism and bullying , we should disable it too
thanks ! i mostly just do n ' t shampoo very often and it stays in place . a little bit of gatsby moving rubber if it is n ' t cooperating
you could take 2 dissolve out for the strokes and sb the other 2 . in this meta with big beefy dragons and green devotion decks the ds is a great counter for people who play on curve
just like using google , facebook , twitter , bing , reddit , etc etc .
oh cool !
they found her after exactly half of 14 episodes .
so french people rape cheese ?
the bite contains microscopic plot devices .
can you link to the request , then ?
it ' s not the visual medium . there ' s been plenty of rape in movies , tv shows , and the theater . it ' s the player participating that makes games different .
would it matter that gold is n ' t naturally magnetic , like iron ?
it ' s not chemical , it ' s psychological , it ' s something i have to fight and overcome .
i have that going right now . i wish the pistol grip was a bit different
i agree , oman is probably the best arab country
haha naw it was a surprisingly high quality sugar wafer . it was a strange color . but it tasted good thank ya jesus
you might be surprised . plenty of people have the ability to pass themselves off ass intelligent without actually being so .
better . learn to coordinate or ban or lose .
ads for companies like this and their products are all about public perception and stock price .
you ' ve either engraved the wrong face of the pot or you are shitting in it wrong
everyone has a plan until they get hep in the mouth .
battletoads join the fight !
psst ! hey kid , you wanna buy a clark bar ?
excuse you . they are both masters of themselves when it comes to slam poetry .
lol . you catching feelings man . damn .
maybe they finally realized he was way too tall and old for the part ?
any further news ? sorry to keep bothering , but you seem like the only person who has a contact on the inside haha .
you forgot to add the terminator . i ' d watch the hell out of this movie .
oh , he knew , i was not the only victim of his button massacre , he had done it weeks earlier to another person in our class .
lately it ' s been about stuff that i ' d wish would happen to me , but most likely wo n ' t . like getting back with an ex or get with his brother or just things i think of at the moment .
that one that makes stuff softer , i do n ' t remeber what it was called but my teacher actually rubbed his face against while it was on once to show me it was pretty safe .
i ' d you have to wrap a steak in bacon , there ' s not enough fat in the cut . give me a ribeye over a filet any day .
he was hired to talk , he probably did n ' t think to ask you what you want to hear
my wife bought me me bock on her way home from work without me asking . i won double .
nah i do n ' t want them to leave earth
not if the physical pain is consistent . like a really bad full body burn . try living with that for a long period of time .
just be glad you do n ' t have to play in the western conference
tight revealing dress and big bouncing titties in a kids tv show is appropriate in your mind ?
i did n ' t get my statistics from reddit .
for people who are trying to use the system to commit murder for them ? i wouldnt say death but life in prison could be possible
looks like you did not read the news . they are developing cryptocurrency of their own to learn it first - hand .
you presenting that the only possible outcome is that this woman would have shot the bad guy and saved the day is grossly naive .
ca n ' t see it , yo .
it ' s a latin plural given to a greek word , it ' s become accepted mainly through lots of incorrect usage .
even my high school aged cousins wore a sport coat to their grandfather ' s memorial service .
so many guys who are n ' t dads down voting me , sigh . you will see when you have a kid .
thanks for the correction . personally i gave up playing after the onslaught set was over . too much change occurred after that .
yeah i ' ve seen plenty of things turn to ext , but i ca n ' t think of any instances of turning into sabotage .
i know , what a strange concept . i must be a racist .
fair enough . now i know .
due to how he hit it , that ' s probably a correct assumption . just an odd angle that would n ' t normally happen .
just stop when beaten .
i heard the main male actor from that movie on a podcast recently , pretty funny guy . keep forgetting to watch the first movie .
teddy was a beast .
cum .
how could you eat your own dog ?
the dream of the 30s is alive and well .
that ' s animal cruelty , dogs deserve food not diabeetus filled fat .
i ' d love to try gumbo one day . it sounds delicious . though i suspect the gumbo would taste a lot nicer without okra . i ' ve only had okra in asian food .
youre exactly right . just my uncle taking me up in his plane
there ' s one teacher that everyone wishes they could , but no one has . she ' s told one of my friends that she knows most of her students think she ' s hot though .
what if i already put all my points in luck . im only level 13 so id imagine it wont make much of a difference . should i just auto assign from now on ?
yes . the noise is coming through the speakers . it will get louder the more i have my speakers turned up .
link ' s gigantic head has a cooling system because of evolution . that ' s why
i ' m sure i could find plenty with a quick search , if he calls me out again i might whip out a good quote or two
great idea , i ' ll throw in a gumbo recipe !
it ' s ok randy , you still have your work making pop music for teenage girls .
that ' s what i do use . i was under the impression that it is a vpn ? hola ' s website and blurb on the chrome app both state that it is .
that ' s fine , please have me added , i ' ll add u after this trade and come drop them off for 100k ? is that good ?
there ' s no way we would hire him . he is never going to get a head coaching nhl job again
this is not spam the full article is here , this was taken from a bitcoin news real i am subscribed to
only a 4 string bass is available . think it should be easy to implement a 5 , 6 option . i ' ll look into it for the next update .
we installed malware so you do n ' t have to !
i know those feels . even had a girl straight up tell me i was too ugly to date .
i came here to say this . something in me broke after seeing that movie .
yes ! his creative mind made the grateful dead who they are to this day .
thanks , i ' m having a hard time creating good looking limbs for this body though , he is massive compared to his tiny original frame .
yea that way i know which kerbal to use to fix the damn wheel hah .
i saw a guy with the bones poking out of his leg from a 4 foot fall who would beg to differ . humans are fragile - does n ' t matter how high up you are if your body impacts at a weird angle .
i think the entrepreneur wants to have a big enough amount of daily bitcoin sales , to make it worthwhile for him to convert to dollars at the end of the day , which protects him from volatility .
yuma is another stage , with the focus on house and techno
you can pop the cover off of the grommet . that way you can have the plastic part covering the wood and use almost the entire space .
your life must be just a whirlwind of emotion , constantly losing and gaining faith in humanity based on every single incident reported on in the world .
no not really , the one plant that is kinda bad has had spots for weeks so i think they would be out of control if it was mites .
yeah , i get that . but i doubt he ' s doing it anymore . just because a guy made a mistake does n ' t mean everyone else has done the same thing .
sorry , i guess i misinterpreted your tone .
they call me mr glass .
that ' s the modern art in my apartment on grand theft auto 5 .
their last big heroic mission was rescuing palpatine .
still too cold . soon . 10 days id bet .
just noticed , resent
i think it was just a programming thing that was kept . i certainly wo n ' t complain about free bears to kill .
listen to the voice and what he says . also , patches then says he did you a kindness when you meet him after using the tonsil stone to get to the school safely .
thank you ! it does taste awful !
yeahh thanks , that ' s what i was thinking . id probably wear it at the beach or hiking or camping etc .
your english must be completely messed up the words lower and remove do not mean the same thing . also just one post above you read it .
that is exactly why i will use both the pregame and free ingame bet on barca . equals odds 2 . 5 on a barca win , i can not resist that offer .
what will your son support ?
that would be an amazing finals : d
tell that to the prince of canada . i was promised a mountain and castle .
so anyone that hates lebron is just a mindless sheep , got it
man we need to renew the brawl .
yea we ' ve had it for months seems to only be when we try to put up the pretty articles . when we do n ' t format or anything it seems to work . we are looking into getting it fixed
except no one plays eve for pvp , and lineage and ultima are 15 year old games that are archaic and would never work today .
we have camo sleeve that we call digital warrior . i kinda dig evergreen tho .
nobody argued that they murdered or raped someone , do you understand the concept of knowing what an argument is before making a counter argument to that argument ?
this book ending is when i went from a fan to obsessed with the series .
i ' m confused what you mean . it ' s wasted space to use more than one if you ' re taking down the ad . if you do n ' t take out the ad then you have to drop more ?
ahem . they aint just troops . their army rangers . the best soldiers in the world .
in very hard to find locations .
i ' ll pay any price that you want , that is reasonable , i would take legend 3 but i need old town not rivet
i don ; t know . full disclosure i ' m really high and i thought it was whatever the other p is . prostate . that ' s it .
at least costa tried to hurdle skrtel , barnes went in full force .
hey , you ' d get 10 states . that ' s 20 senators ! more than fair for a country the size of california .
did n ' t ok state leave in the 50 ' s ? you ' re really stretching this .
you bring up a really good point . i think they have methods in place for that , but i ' m not sure . well then idk , really . try the talking thing .
it looks like 12 numbers per dial , and those are just notches .
i reckon he ' s got that bat - symbol down to muscle - memory by now , he can probably do his tag in a couple of minutes .
yup , i ' ve taken it off in the snow , ice and desert and its handled it really well .
lol , you ' ll figure it out . you just have to search your heart for the perfect piece that will fit with you , like mine will be something that will always be a part of me
well at least a stale croissant is more worldly than a fresh one .
yeah , i do chipotle peppers and lime for fish tacos . seriously , why do people buy this ?
sorry if i was a bit blunt , i just had n ' t heard of any society like that before . if you ' ll answer one more question , how do people justify their cheating with their religion ?
just a girl i knew , a long time ago .
i do n ' t know what it was but it sounded like she needed to be put out of her misery for a minute .
can i buy em in bulk ? i ' d like 500 flairs , merci .
do you use lightroom ? it has automated ca removal built in using profiles made for each lens , but can also be manually adjusted for fine tuning .
yeah , it ' s definitely a cool idea .
do u know from experience ?
oh , definitely . i was n ' t trying to tell you right from wrong . i just wanted to give a different perspective on it .
i could n ' t get through pygmy either . i tried twice . i ' m thinking about trying again soon , but i do n ' t have high hopes .
you guys have a decent outlook for next year too , so kill em x
professors have hammered times new roman into my brain so hard all of the other fonts look weird . true story
i ca n ' t fit a bar in my 2x2 . i admittedly have n ' t looked hard for air tights or anything else to store my bars tho .
you think that ' s bad , wait until it gets to the colon .
um what what ? we were making the point that she should be happy to spend time with him . she ' s acting like a teenager .
yeah i guess it is a fun test of will power . i ' m only 4 days in and it is really getting hard to control my urges . really an eye opener to how badly addicted i am though .
basically yes . bats use echo location .
they also have monopoly , uno , scrabble , and a regular deck of cards . probably more that i have n ' t played yet .
it ' s an old wives tale , it ' s carbon to help flush out the toxins . do n ' t think it actually works .
the fuck color is taupe ?
well i think she said that it meant the death of a loved one was coming ? or something like that .
stop nagging about money she offered for free . calm down .
i would give the thick of it a go . it ' s a little different and more rooted in british politics but it is the same brand of humour . the last season was absolute genius .
drop a fit , i ' d love to see one .
furious 7 . for some reason it was much more cheesy than the previous ones but what do you expect . the ending was heart breaking as well .
i have one trailer for the main game , but i might make another in the future that has more story in it since for my first one i tried to avoid spoilers .
well i can only read latin alphabet , hebrew , and russian , so it would n ' t be a very impressive list
this comment made me go back at examine her ass for a bit , but i still do n ' t see what ' s bizarre or sad about it besides her thong placement .
medically speaking this would never have been inside a persons mouth . at best it is indeed an actual tooth underneath but all probability lends it to more than likely be just a cast model .
i have no clue how to use it haha . i assume you just put it into hot water ?
and a person ' s consciousness can be saved on a thumb drive !
it always breaks my heart that ne is left off this list .
in the quarter finals of the world cup ? yes you would have .
maybe have some irish folk music in the background .
i hope they did n ' t tell you that just to hush you up . if it comes in a plain white box it ' s a refurb . new will be obvious .
water water everywhere so lets have a drink .
lol this ai n ' t about you man
yeah and as far as i ' m concerned op is too young to have school age children .
and all mixed up with his sweaty dead cells gunk .
this is the equivalent of quitting a game of league of legends because you ' re losing and one guy on your team is blaming you for everything and verbally abusing you .
he legit thought it was sexy .
haha true . i still enjoy it and waiting for darkness 2 anime
there ' s a difference between blatantly using the wrong word and using an accepted abbreviation , amigo .
would you call the last case you posted here an example of dharma combat ?
do you snort it , or use it like dip like old people do .
mine just plays wrap music .
that would make her way too strong . trinity can be borderline immortal , add aoe damage and why should you pick any other frame for most stuff ?
no . you ' ll try to make it work for about 3 weeks before giving up on it and denying that you ever even believed such a crazy device could work .
drink anyway .
i do n ' t blame him , valve is not interested on keeping this game growing . mason even said this years ti will be the last one , and he is a source to be trusted .
wong kar wai is excellent , in the mood for love is one of my favourite movies . i still need to see happy together though .
wow ok , copycat maybe ? i saw the link and it immediately reminded me of what happened that day , very freaky it ' s so close to home . d :
that had me shaking my head but smiling at the same time .
jah feel ya . hook me up with triple deals next winter jah ?
i ' m pretty much all over hotshot because i think he has fucked up a lot of times , but if you print something wrong , that ' s on you , not on whoever did n ' t give you a comment .
actually , that ' s what meant to say . wrong reptile .
oh my god i marked so hard just thinking about it .
especially since the city owns the stadium .
definitely the immortality thing . the whole arc where yoda learns that shit is bad ass
that ' s a good point .
actually that ' s a very fair point . the chimney on temple is also long - gone . kane needs to appoint someone to update it .
yeah i get to go on a retreat tomorrow and get to skip some school . i ' m prolly gonna be able to watch the first few games .
i ' ve never had the chance , thats crazy .
you did n ' t read . the first 1500 are a special pressing for rsd with a limited edition cover art , with the rest being released later .
i really hate davy back arc , canon or not .
thank you for your feedback , indeed you do not . i have tried to keep it succinct but you are correct the format could have been done better .
he was a huge artist in terms of bringing back a bunch of almost lost american folk song classics .
i ' m gonna sue some cunts . only got the judges in my pocket . i - i ' m looking for a dollar . i ' m a fucking asshole .
lighter is a static item chris always has and it does n ' t run out . the kerosene can is what you refill and take with you to burn bodies .
thank you ! i have been puzzling over this for several weeks and could n ' t find a clear answer why my ogre kills sometimes counted and sometimes did n ' t !
you can download win 7 isos officially through a couple different sites , and then they allow you to run for 3 days with no key .
tosser ? another pizza joke . not a very funny one though .
sorry i meant to clarify any legal stage .
also , it ' s the idea that if you have a child , you will never have anything nice or time to enjoy it so long as you are taking care of that child .
a good dp will not let the average viewer be aware of what they ' re doing , its supposed to mesh naturally with the movie .
yup , smoke can basically work the exact same way as smoke screens did for old naval battles . it ' s very hard to shoot what you ca n ' t see .
understandable . i ' ve just been checking it occasionally to see all the pictures my mom posts of my dogs because i ' m away at school and miss those fuckers lol
if you ' re bothered by people saying you ' re not vegan if you eat eggs then do n ' t do n ' t blame them : blame english .
here you see their natural predator , the human , laying in wait for the mother to leave her young in search of food . the humans are a patient hunter , but ruthless in their persistence .
call the charizard back man , your opponent is burned to a crisp !
haha yes , it happens so easily ! one minute you ' re a normal person , the next you ' re a cat lady .
why ? best fucking meal plan of any school , period .
i will def put that as the current offer . i ' ll make a new thread tomorrow man . thanks ! p . s . got any skulls or crafting supplies ?
i was being facetious . i ' m american , so i thought the sign gbp was a funny curvy symbol . get it ? haha .
something about this series of posts makes me suspect you do n ' t know much about women ' s bodies .
i feel like if i ate that i would just want a reuben .
thank you , your appreciation is worth the - 32 and counting .
absolutely , he was capable of such amazing feats agility . its a shame his head would drop so easy . i hope he ' s doing alright where he is now .
naan is my snack bread of choice . i pretty much do n ' t make a grilled cheese without it .
and huni will whip him to pieces this summer .
for you , yeah . if the guy accepts he ' s a moron and deserves to lose .
the coins being controlled by the market for a few minutes is a lot better than several days . makes an exit scam considerably less profitable .
also , i ' m biased and all , but boca responding to the absolutely obvious and inevitable suspension of the game by lining up and refusing to leave the field is beyond classless .
so they did n ' t get the tax cut they were promised ? this is a standard , ordinary lie .
it can get pretty intense . just because you have n ' t experienced it does not mean others have not . you ca n ' t just alter definitions
what about a rematch with the hawks from last year ' s first round ? that ' s a possibility
what ' s your quickest puzzle build ? or how many puzzles in a day ? i too was some sort of puzzle mage .
he is running a different kind of a pub . not a very traditional one .
ended up cutting it off with an angle grinder . it was a pain .
nope , i ' m from arizona . i ' m sorry i ' ve been able to live in the nicer parts of this city over the years . maybe you should move somewhere more affordable like ohio . or detroit .
this subreddit is going to kill me . so many new companies and flavors .
liberal arts do n ' t fail me now !
sorry mr hamilton . he said himself years ago it was inspired by senna ' s helmet you tard .
nah , melodic deathcore is awesome , but sometimes people in this subreddit are n ' t big on it .
it is a big noc and i heard they have been expanding it . i do n ' t know details though sry . worth checking out though .
he was never in the show or books , we hear his story through his kids and ned . for good reading find the part where the reeds tell bran the story of the 4 wolves at the tournament .
really ? geology is a pretty lucrative field .
i ' m not sure how cool it will be , but we ' ll make sure the beverages are ice cold !
he ' d be perfect for us . i think he ' ll get paid more than we can offer though unfortunately .
i think he was high af when writing this . definitely reads like a stoner narrative .
yeah and if you put wheels on my dog he ' d be a bike . whats your point
i think the misconception comes from the erroneous perception that low volume stability is the inverse of the fundamental dow jones principle that volume confirms the trend .
you beat 49 , 000 players well done . everyone allowed to make mistakes
you sound so fucking salty , chill out dude .
thank you dude ! i actually do dig both of those bands haha
why would anyone seek for a treatment , if they ' d labeled as criminal , even if they never did anything wrong ?
someone mentioned it at work but it is n ' t what i was thinking of . i may be going crazy .
fear should not be the determining factor of what games we play .
ok but my point is that if someone puts a high enough contract on someone ' s head , they are n ' t safe there . they always need to be on guard .
spicy food will most definitely do it for me . being cajun , the struggle is real ! lol !
proper grilled tomatoes are great too . plum or grilled , either way . as long as tomatoes are included in some fashion which is n ' t ketchup .
i ' ll give that a shot , thanks !
you realize the leading democrat for president voted for both wars we are currently engaged in , and supports almost every military action we are engaged in ?
he means that this subreddit is more for unexpected funny things . sorry for your loss though .
plus they already have the freedom not to be a baker . it seems pretty reasonable to say that if you want to sell cakes , you have to sell them to whoever wants to buy them .
i had assumed this was time - lapse photography . do you think it ' s real - time ?
i first misread this as ' and then i ' d fuck either in the eye ' and thought to myself , yeah , that ' d do it .
silica is n ' t that soluble in water
i loved how they handled his origin quickly in the intro . it ' s hulk - we all know how he was created . we can skip the spider bite too , as it ' s been shown enough on the big screen
most octopuses squirt ink . and squid are quite distinct physically from octopuses .
yeah , i love how mine fall into the toilet every now and then and do n ' t block out the sun all the way round the eyes . but they will look sweet when i get my pilot license .
well dodging skill shots with an ability is different . attack moving is different . i still move in my auto attacks by right clicking on different directions .
have you read the book ? i have n ' t seen the movie , but the book was almost too confusing to understand , in my opinion . very funny , though .
its fun to laugh at though , when it tries to be serious .
yup , you can quit a order whenever you want . quitting gives you a huge penalty to relations though ! hope you ' re enjoying the series !
should have chosen a clown suit . they ' ll be looking for a person in camo .
interesting , source ? i would very much like to learn more about this
that ' s a good way to fuck with people when you let them use your computer .
well yeah , i go to the ones here in san diego constantly , but they never have anything good . the fact that you got a wft at this stage is freaking amazing .
i doubt they can , if they did then the company they ' re trying to force to lie can probably make it public with few repercussions
passing a game series over to another studio has a pretty bad track record . but if it does turn out awesome it will be the game that convinces me to get a xbox one .
yea we have those labels too but i think they stand out better with the sign . either way it saves time from having to deal with flags . thank god .
not well . it ' ll make it into the kitchen but i do n ' t think i ' ve ever been able to get into into the living room .
that can happen , but these were pink flowers in regular water
haha what ? that ' s some next level sjw shit right there . i had no clue .
not sharing your secret porn fetishes also helps to not disturb each other . always delete your browser history .
that ' s my go to liquor store .
i would n ' t say any electronic music . remember , people that listen to big room house and current day dubstep exist . awful cancerous group , but still exists .
must you post this as much as possible ? we get it , winston is n ' t that fast
bottle , brown boots , hotd lvl 6 and a creep and u can do it ?
i just search for it in the dash and select uninstall . you could also use the software center
i more meant like every ship not just the super top of the line ones .
i assume he means toon link with modern link ' s clothes .
the only reason i own one was a few british friends telling me how wonderful they are : p
see those things are twisted and deprived , but who gives a fuck what one does by oneself , whereas the other is morally wrong and hurts other people
how about an amaura code ?
absolutely true if you have time and the spare cash i ' d recommend picking up the audio books , i ' ve read doth and listened to both and i have noticed a big difference between the two .
what ' s the pine needle thing about ?
can you explain the failure part to me ?
so it was , so it shall be . the prophet has never been wrong .
in fairness , a cul - de - sac is much safer than a main road or a t - intersection or something .
so can i get it for like 10 bucks ? jk yo im really bad at trying to fix my own cars sort of
either , but i was thinking stay - ups .
yes that is the point - but most people wo n ' t read the whole article or learn that .
that ' s not even how moral relativism works , kid . it ' s still a logically consistent system .
i think thats worse , those gyms are filled with girls who likes to talk more about that they work out rather then actually work out .
firecracker jinx is a pretty dope skin though . i really like the b animation .
no , i ' m from russia , but i ' m half ukrainian , why ?
except it ' s like triple the price of either of these places . my vote is for zoo .
i was n ' t trying to command a cohort . i am trying to find a friend .
i think they should at least sort of give a fuck . i mean , there comes a point .
i remember them saying that it does n ' t even have enough power to open the gate so thats why it is n ' t there by default . i need to order one of these soon .
he ' s a bc commit . just need to wait 4 years to see him play .
i would think the hard part would be finding enough friends . the team would probably work just fine .
my religion comes with a money back guarantee that i ' m worshiping the one true god .
my first thought too !
it ' s only push by a website you are already visiting , so if they can give you malware though push , they can give it with regular pull methods .
i ' m not sure but it definitely helps you break down your opponent . it ' s about patience to be a champion . break down your opponent and go for the kill when the time is right .
what about the elderly ? or people with restricted mobility ? or even people with very small children ? there are a lot more people affected than just union members .
yes he was . as am i . i want the government to stay out of the economy .
i ' ve done it with a number of fizzy ' s over the years . raspberry worked quite well .
there were a solid three or seven plays in that game that made me think less of him one by one .
it ' s totally cool , i like watching your stuff and upvote your submissions , just a funny observation .
if i had my way , the world would talk only in futurama references and quotes .
snipping tool is so amazing . i use that exclusively for screenshots . honestly i forgot about the print screen into ms paint haha
hot fuzz , shaun of the dead . i think welcome to the punch too . basically british movies or those set here
does it even matter what she says ?
last year after they got called out for not dealing with the ice i saw them come down the street banging the ice with the edge and doing a great job . this year : nyet .
wish i ' d known that 10 game hours ago . well thanks , guess i ' ll just file this one away until the next patch .
you do n ' t understand , we hate free stuff here !
really good food is generally expensive not because of the price of the ingredients , but because of the skill of the chef . also stop being such a pussy and take control of your life .
who else would we idolize ? women ? surely you jest .
can work for stuff like that . check out the modding forums if you need some examples of how to approach it .
it ' s been 5 hours . are you home yet ? please post screen shots as promised .
i say old boy . we invented the language , and we shall use it however we bloody well like !
i know , i ' m just a small girl who enjoys both boobies and broad men . also it was mostly a joke .
sounds like you need to slip some skin onto your banana .
me too , getting an error saying data corrupted - and to try again . been cycling through about a dozen times before i gave up .
right when you ' re killed and you ' re watching the kill - cam , you are locked in that screen . only when it switches to the deployment screen , can you access the menu .
lmao i was thinking the same when benson brought it up .
my dad had one of those butane jet lighters that went into a zippo case .
dated a horse girl . it ' s worth it
it is a joke . 4 . 0 . 3 is cutting edge .
andy dalton and colin kaepernick were both picked in the second round , after ponder .
hey , happy cake day .
i ' m a girl but ok
was n ' t flash the only character who actually was able to fuck with superboy prime ? and considering zoom is absolutely crazy fast , even compared to the flash , he might be able to do it .
not true at all . infact they are opening up new zones in iceland and england . first temples in a long time .
sweet potatoes are sometimes marketed in the us as the same vegetable , but they ' re different vegetables , not closely related .
thanks for taking your time to do this . pretty organized too .
i have to hide my charr ' s pretty pink tiara if i want to see his glorious mane . it ' s a crime !
greece suggested republic of northern macedonia , seeing as the country is in that region , a while ago but it was rejected .
how do you start a rave in ethiopia ? tape a piece of bread to the ceiling .
whats the site ?
ca n ' t argue with comedy value so long as it does n ' t make me cringe .
you ' re a pretty twisted kind of person , bro .
careful . you ' ll trigger the bat - kin .
this was not a helpful reply . you failed to understand the question asked . i am heavier than the weight i am lifting , not lighter .
when all else fails , throw that chair . you can start the moment .
this was during a water change , when the fresh incoming water is turned off some will drain into the sump tank and the dock will be right at the water level
someone should invite you over and feed you dog food telling it ' s not octopus !
it sucks but a game this intense would be very difficult to play on splitscreen . you will have to settle for two tv ' s and 2 consoles if you have it
as a hoosier in indianapolis , i should n ' t be surprised that a comment like this was made , but it ' s still surprising .
thanks . i appreciate the support . i do want him to be as healthy as possible , it ' s just hard to hold onto that perspective sometimes .
have not seen him yet but i welcome the challenge , hopefully his crew wo n ' t jump me and i ' ll get a fair fight . thought it was kinda a childish thing to do over a name but bring the ruckus !
i ' ve noticed that before . it makes it hard to take them seriously because it feels so high school to me .
did something bad happen , i saw pictures on twitter of people panicking because of a helicopter or something ? i ' m not sure if it was about this , i just recognised ghana .
it ' s not like google does n ' t have any dirt on these senators anyway .
i guess thats what it is . at the best buy near me the computers take forever and the touch screen on the card reader is barely responsive .
nope . no residue , just make sure you brush off the sandstone a bit before slapping the skin on . : p
i was going to be sarcastic again , but i ' ve decided instead just to tell you that you are still just making some very big assumptions .
they ' re not trying to forget , they were all just too drunk to remember .
hbo and netflix probably had to clean large amounts of cum out of the board room after they heard the news .
i suspect that is more likely a function of the sound being absorbed into the water than from the pillow .
i did find that interesting . sounds like he ' s been doing some serious research into this . i can understand being pissed about the inconvenience , but this stinks !
he just wanted to fire off the cannon . for old times sakes .
but not the norm at every club or bar . you kind of have to seek it out .
actually . just ignore them . no matter how crazy the post is . do n ' t downvote or comment .
the answer to what ' s in the safe is at the end of that chain .
is that the fat guy that ' s in jail for robbing a bank ?
price will drop for the foil for sure , still maybe you will sell it for more what you paid for the game !
i wonder how a randomized pmd would work .
they ' re offerings for the dead . the dead accept the offerings and hang them on the fridge .
yeah i was kind of stuck and wanted to get it done so i went with the first thing that came into my head . ohhhhh well .
what makes it unjustified ?
yeah fab was really a scrap , was n ' t he ?
oh mickey you ' re so fine , you ' re so fine you blow my mind !
same with chile , i really want norway to do well but i would bet chile will atleast go top 3
if i got pushed through a window i ' d be more concerned about the external bleeding .
fuck everything about warren sapp .
honestly , i really hope you do decided to do it all like this . what a great thread .
i was wondering the same thing , are the part of the same hive since they are so close ? are n ' t ants and their ilk territorial ?
no response ? just a disgruntled downvote because you were wrong ?
yeah , back in dota 1 , when it was just a warcraft iii mod , pudge used the abomination as his base model .
excellent ! you ' re welcome , and good luck !
you ' re still barely independent . the queen is your head of state .
what if you ' re left handed and missing your left hand ?
oh haha sorry miss read your title . btw do you have any euro cn codes spare then ? i would be awesome if you do .
they ' re just trolling , forget them . it ' s great that you ' re showing support . hope this support reaches facebook and twitter too !
i believe it ' s the liver .
oh , i see . i think it would probably be better to sleep it , but we ' ll play it by ear . you never know what might happen .
get friends , head to an arcade
how ? give a reason . why should the shifting electrons care if a pot costs five cents or five dollars ? explain in technical terms please .
haha you got it . this is how i always describe the movie to people , but i usually just say its 2 kids trying to watch tv
rcs are snapshots . so are pre ' s . also it has n ' t been that long since the last 1 . 8 . 2 snapshot .
the o line did n ' t win us the sb . it did n ' t help establish a running game and brady was getting hit all night .
it all depends on the type of office imho . if it ' s not against policy and it makes you feel confident , by all means . just be sure to read the crowd .
lets be honest , he does love the spot light and drama , he lives for it . he ' s not the only one who gets fucked over either . but he moans week in and week out and it gets old quick .
yes , but still . if even one person did n ' t know , that would be a bad link .
i think you ' ll look strange if you show up in a suit , especially with a tie . like the other poster said . suits are not that common in denmark . jeans and a shirt are probably fine .
oops , i missed that part .
i ' ve been preparing for this the entire year , but it still blows .
mine did n ' t get shaky at all from raw input , but when i downgraded my drivers for less input lag , oh jesus . it shakes like crazy , and it jumps a tiny bit around .
basically . i bet he does n ' t even have an assistant .
they already build them as tanks in competitive play .
i ca n ' t remember what she said but she got cut off by cassandra before she could finish her sentence .
except every time a market closes or is shut down , three more open .
no , you ' re thinking of war newt from the war toad gaming forums .
ah , i thought you were talking about quotes in general .
the kurt cobain suicide note line ?
came here to say this . i had no idea that anything ate snails . i thought hedgehogs ate golden rings . thanks , sonic .
dan connor was an iconic tv dad .
especially when there was a fire for some ppv and they had to clear the building . monty just entertained on the mic cutting promos , while they were putting it out .
fucking reverse rapists !
murphy is n ' t a bad player either . i ' m sure he ' ll find another club at contract expiry
wo n ' t matter , this is literally a second game you ' d have to install if you want to play it .
true , but it ' s still highly addictive .
wait so in your opinion our media is n ' t sensationalist ?
lucky bastard . you must live somewhere warm .
it gave my uncle high blood pressure so what do you think moron ? lol jk .
he used to chat on kik messenger , too . i got a couple replies from him , which was freaking cool .
but that certain model is n ' t on sale
definitely agree re : consistency . i feel like the offense could be holding him back . a strong combine would go a long way for him .
you can do that too ! for just 10 dollars a month you can become a sustaining member and help out your community public radio station !
this also is my point of view . yeah there is climate change , but it in actual fact is natural . the earth went through worse heat and ice etc .
regardless of the plot progression , i ' m sure i ' ll enjoy this movie and i ' m looking first to it . but you may be onto something
i could talk abut wow , sports , sailing , and music for the rest of my life if i had to .
in my school in utah , you could count the non - mormons on one hand . if you were non - mormon , everyone knew and everyone would treat them differently .
in fact , some say it means the opposite thing .
but wait !
you and i are in the exact same boat . plus i just saw dp at sxsw but honestly i could watch them back to back to back .
voltage does n ' t matter . current does .
i do n ' t know . i forgot about the other animals when i wrote .
i would say at most texas colleges right now you could find a rifle or shotgun , or at least the ammo in many cars or pickups .
you do n ' t think one single mule was used at all during the war of 1812 ?
51 fucking points for this comment and it ' s as simple as a name . yeah , we ' re not bitter about losing elliot at all .
damn you sounding upset over this . are you okay man ?
specifically one suited for her skills . i think with her death stare she would make a perfect chief whip .
shear bad luck .
i have no interest in this game , but i am going to go read the rulebook because you have piqued my interest with this epic description .
it ' s honestly not that hard at all . i did mine in 5 minutes . took it all off and had the barrel out . just be careful with those pop in rivets that hold the door panel in .
not to mention the stairs that are like 60 degrees ! felt like walking up a ladder .
they call themselves the mon calamari , but they ' re actually the mon pig rectum . now do you want to fly in their ships ?
you must be fun at parties . the information is all there , it ' s just a bit more light - hearted in its presentation .
exile all minions .
who felt quicker on ball ? skill and ball control wise if i may ask ?
who said war was ever fair ?
gates are open for you ! please take your two flowers and a mystery present .
cards existing does not set up precedent for future cards to do the same .
god no , imagine they could read all the naughty things i ' ve done from my mind . they ' d not just bs - doomsday my ship , they ' d vaporize the entire system they found me in !
id would like to ride that beast until the wheels fall off . or i do .
did n ' t they just change the liquor law ?
to be honest i kinda agree with you on that point . where would you even get dove meat ?
heh ! so now we have to take morality lessons from mass murderers ? oh wait , was that politically correct or incorrect ?
that is correct . i still mainly get summoned in lower level areas but i hope to be able to coordinate with one bros in this subreddit to help them out !
and by getting better players and developing the players we have , we ' ve been doing better and better . depending on summer activity , we have a genuine shot at the title next year .
as a furry , this is terrible in every way imaginable and has no redeeming quality at all .
apparently i ' m an evil person for this opinion . who knew ?
because canon , that ' s why .
fred phelps was super nutjob . nile is just a regular religious conservative .
the brain is wonderful at inserting the missing part of swears . and other data sets in general .
the amount of nerfing that will be required will completely undermine the intended threat level of the character .
in britain the whole top surface is the hob . the thing being pointed at is the gas ring .
yeah , and dino did n ' t know hart was hurt , and kept the match going .
one reason i do n ' t listen to music that loud
they have skincare and cosmetics . it ' s cosmetic - love . com if you want to browse the site .
not with a fight , but maybe a post fight party .
read this in gollum ' s voice and lost it
holding santa hostage is going to earn me a lot more money or toys than holding a giraffe hostage .
its ridiculous . but best of luck to ya !
those are where our nuclear missiles are .
crane ?
no . toon link ' s base knockback is too low and does n ' t provide enough stun .
do n ' t worry . when the real fucking crazy - ass shit goes down , i will be asking the mods for clearance .
dont you need a licence to sell stuff on railway stations ?
urdu is national , english is official .
we had our dime back starting outside , and a rookie 4th string cb playing his first game , i ' m surprised they did n ' t have more yards .
execution aside , assassination classroom has hand down the stupidest premise of any show i ' ve come across in anime .
no welcome to england where we do n ' t prosecute those that do n ' t have the capacity to properly represent themselves in a court of law
yeah i get some nasty pain in the same area when i do dips as well , pretty sure my form is pretty solid though .
hey , in the future when you need someone to talk too pm me or any of the lovely people who care enough to help . i hope you feel better soon
he was basically shot putting the basketball with two hands .
everyone believes in some sort of superstition , religious or not
yep have lost hair to chemo , all your hair goes . some take longer than others , i did n ' t lose my eyebrows for a year after hair fell out .
lol same here - why think out of the box when you can think in the box and have fun doing it ?
just treat pauper cubes like a super powered draft environment , instead of the craziness that happens in normal cubes .
eh , most of the masters personal mods have uses so at the very least people buy them to regal .
he means do n ' t upgrade the relic to level 4 .
i twist against anything in anything because i enjoy not being dead .
that ' s a dumpster in a strip mall . there is no telling what ' s in it .
oo . and then maybe a statue to commemorate the building of said statue ?
the fact that blood flow is being redirected to other parts of the body causes things to shrink up down there when you ' re running .
my guess was that op is color blind . but i ' m not sure the colors would work out .
u . a is auto pilot af . normal midfielder , grab slugger or ace . special slugger . equip jersey . attack for a lot . bounce special ace . rinse and repeat
as a music composition major , i think i ' d die without sheets . however , i kind of hate reading sheets because i ' m very bad at it .
thank you very much for the kind words . i will almost definitely be doing a review of mkx when it hits and i may review some other mk ' s here and there . i cover a fair amount of ground .
excellent . what happened with the old one , anyway ? i could n ' t find it for a while , then saw it got deleted ?
i will bring them coffee , doughnuts , lemonade to the picket line everyday i can .
you prefer dead us soldiers ? obviously not you whos going to be fighting or having his family fighting over there
that playing 4 color without green fixing is super hard ?
confucius say man who run in front of bus get tired .
to elaborate on this , bags of chips are full of nitrogen . this also keeps bacteria from growing .
badger baiting and hunting deer with dogs are both illegal . shooting them is not . hunting foxes with dogs is illegal , but shooting them is not . can you see where your comparison went wrong ?
because just because something can be consumed without killing yourself , does n ' t mean i would want to consume it . laxatives can be eaten , but i would not want the after effect .
oh , i watch all these on mute unless someone in the comments say that the audio was funny . most of the time it ' s just shitty music or the sounds of death .
or if you happen to have experience with such things . you dont need a lifetime of specialized training to properly fell a tree .
i would n ' t be too happy about it . only west - chile will profit from it , as always .
tree and sign .
vanilla mint is my new favorite . it ' s like frosting !
what part of the world do you live in that has both girl scout cookies and jaffa cakes ? we do n ' t have those jaffa cakes in the states .
thanks for the reply man !
leave him and his ultimate driving machine alone !
best ernest movie ever . it ' s a halloween tradition in my house .
i used to only come to the chat when the threads were posted too , but it was because i did n ' t really think anybody would be on when there was no thread : p happy cake day btw !
get a laptop . dota while taking a shit is the best thing there is .
yep , took me a few hours of constant use to get rid of it but it ' s becoming natural now .
england here . big booties rock . not sure if we count as euro .
they have every right to race where they want to race .
it was a good call , hope that helps
do n ' t blow my high , let me shine drummer on the beat , lemme take my time
the worst part was mimi ' s face . she looked like she was about to drop her .
for over a month . 63 , 200 words so far .
bub is his sister , can confirm source : am your father , give arcanas sir
i used to think i hated going to church , then i got dragged to a few aa meetings . fuck that . at least church has music .
the one to the left is easier . the one to the right is slightly harder but it will allow you to farm a physical gem for your weapon as early as possible .
why does the guardian get a bad rap ? please do n ' t tell me that there is a better newspaper in the uk .
it ' s such a cool experience . i loved japan , it ' s like transporting yourself to a different world , while also having all the safety and amenities of a first world , developed country .
fuck you and your trains chicago . love atlanta .
i was saying that a an example , but if you want to take me literally yes i was wrong .
i ' m cs but good at bio , probably would have harder in higher level bio but who does n ' t .
did n ' t work when he was wearing a similar one on the indies either . it ' s always looked silly .
it ' s not an article it ' s a dictionary entry . just pointing out the word is in the dictionary .
i agree . someone should tell him that pulling card back to hq is not mandatory . pulling back that archer he spent atlas on was ridiculous .
big boned .
delusion is reddit ' s bread and butter ; d
hmm , its possible . i needed an idea for a road in leo ' s hideout , so i went on the forums to get an idea how to path the leo ho .
yep . the plane crash is in september and the stuff with the freighter is around christmas .
considering all the great designs i ' ve seen the past few days , that ' s a huge compliment ! thank you !
yeah , but tumblr is a powerful force .
fine but if you ' re not black going in you ' ll be black coming out
promotion would be awesome . i ' m feeling this out , thinking of doing youtube tutorials . if it ' s well received i ' ll go all in .
great . thanks
nope . technically , i ' m a taurus
but knowing that you will always know the right thing in every situation makes you morally omniscient . which requires regular omniscience as well .
thanks , i ' ll check that one out too .
one of the cats we had growing up did that to me , except i did n ' t notice until the morning when she was in the middle and i was curled around her !
yeah this is n ' t true . read the above responses for the facts .
it ' s an open relationship , man . do n ' t judge .
yeah well uh i got a d - in high school spanish so whos cool now .
i heard he shot his woman down .
there was heaps of people playing when i went ! they do special themed nights pretty often , so maybe sometimes it ' s all music . it ' s always pop culture though .
manga and anime are super popular in france so no suprise there .
i guess , however i do n ' t tend to find things as cool if i expect it to happen .
you play magic as well ? that ' s pretty awesome ! what format do you play or just with friends at home ?
holy shit i need to play this game .
lol , a girl - but i got my own guy with his own v : p
ya , i never heard girls cry over big dicks .
we are still a long way from the elections . plenty of time for sanders to make his case , which is n ' t littered with bullshit like clinton ' s .
it was completely insane , but you could tell a lot of people did n ' t even know who the hell they were lol .
lol . then i guess monsanto ' s stock took a dive for no reason whatsoever ?
i listened to a podcast over the summer and they had the callers on there as well maybe that ' s new ?
food .
i love indian food , and i can only imagine these are awesome
they do old songs too . they did club foot when it was already a few years old .
yes , better than that . but not better than not trying to kill things for fun in the first place
i like the taste of fresh pineapple but my mouth will hurt for hours . the struggle is real .
that should be fine , make sure its not holding the mega stone though
with my gun i can just stay in one place and i dont have to move at all ! i can move into a forest and just enjoy the rest of my life in peace .
i kinda want them to come up with original endings , i think that would be really cool
oh damn my bad , yeah i found em , thanks
i was pretty happy with it all . it ' s funny what a little heady will get you .
it has a literal definition that ' s been stretched through its use as a hyperbolic term .
aggro generally empties their hand early . especially in the mirror and against control and tempo where you get your dudes burnt or banged early .
for what it ' s worth we ' re pretty much planning to let it be a free - for - all barring rules for basic decency . the whole idea is that the moderation is more lax than agg .
hahaha , your comment is gold .
not sure on who harassed him but he got his fair share of threats . the second post i linked touches on the backlash he received .
it ' s almost like opinions are relative ! lol , wow
do n ' t use the brush tool , use the pencil tool , and turn off anti - aliasing .
ah nice ! i ' ve heard it ' s pretty fun from secondhand sources lol
looked to me like he just gutted it and skinned it quickly , and put it on a plate . but yeah , i guess it ' s doubtful it survives that long , probably reflexes .
yes , and football is just kicking a ball between some posts i deserve lcs !
so you were alone in the woods in venezuela ? pardon my ignorance , but is that safe ?
i did n ' t even think of this . this is just plain simple . thank you .
wanna pull up my tongue , cause you notice that post was bumped . deep in the web they ' re searching , i ' m hooked and i ca n ' t stop refreshing .
i agree , thought it was way overdone and generally annoying .
what ' s funny is it takes all of 5 seconds to search for the tweet and find his twitter account .
well i ' m just a little bit fat so i still get to shame the guy bigger than me .
that ' s quite the picture
i have never had those candies . and no we do n ' t have a red rooster . sounds like chicken lol
i mean , you could unplug it since good ai takes a ton of battery power and wo n ' t last very long .
might not be her . i hope i ' m wrong , though .
graphene is n ' t a few molecules thick ; that would not be an unusual feat at all . graphene is one atom thick .
i inherited this from the previous player . plus , they were involved in the arab spring .
done and done . it ' s not a guaranteed killer , but yeah , not great .
remember , the cuter the animal and the worse you treat it , the better it tastes
a lot of research goes into every show . people really notice if you ' re holding it wrong .
several of us are chem e students or recent grads . yes , maths are done on that board .
nice try , sneaking an adam sandler movie in there .
he made it funny , it worked for the show .
not sure why , id guess it because of the above but who knows
that ' s odd . try starting the game with the hori pad . sometimes the game does n ' t recognize it as the controller i want to use .
very true . i do n ' t know the size of the test bank .
ca n ' t agree more with this post . i will never use them again after they canceled an order of mine just before the price went up and i lost out big in 2013 .
alright bork you and me , pancake cook off , march 29th i ' m free that day
hmm . that does run in the family . my father has it and i might . worth looking into .
oh i see , i ' m usually on here a lot and i never saw the post , i thought there would be a little more hype about it , unless it was n ' t very good ?
i think highlander is way past due for an update and it ' s my favorite movie . that series is a mess and deserves to have a good shot at a new audience .
i have a feeling we will have another boy and this will be a struggle for nothing . oh well i can dream lol !
i hate to break it to you , but your bohemian hawthorn lifestyle is as about as bourgeois as you can get .
hurr you must be white - knighting coz a woman is involved hurr
i thought it your comment was funny . it ' s got everything ; puns , sarcasm , the implication that the brother is a pest , and a joking suggestion of murder .
you have n ' t been to a gala . most of them are very , very boring . mine was very cool , but when i was watching it , at the beginning , it was horribly boring .
kyoto has been described as the japan of japan . i would n ' t know , but it sounds accurate based purely on nintendo ' s playbook .
yeah , that would be the root of the problem .
i think by six you mean nine . but your point stands , it ' s a long ride
presumably he spoke japanese , but yeah .
that actually is pretty amazing . i had no idea .
yes , i ca n ' t wait for the first screen module with a slide - out keyboard like the original motorola droid series .
i ' ve heard that there are compounds in canned air which may transfer to the piece and cause issues when applying finishes . lung power or air compressor would be better .
i loved those games it was always fun . even though none of the players were from texas or oklahoma it is like they understood the state rivalry .
arguments could be made for joe thomas if he has a long career sustaining his current level of play .
one of my favorite wheat beers . awesome
yeah . i ' m talking about a separate list .
it ' s not satire , the guy that makes the material is for real .
get over yourself enough to give it a chance . i say that because i feel like it ' s something you would say to me and i would be able to appreciate it .
that ' s because there ' s less fluids involved in the actual humping . getting cut is not an effective way to prevent stds ; using condoms are .
i agree the annoying ones should be , they just seem to love losing games its weird
refinery a better gift . my friend got a framed r kelly picture once .
i ' m a cadet - adhd . i almost get run over by those huge cargo movers because i ' m spacing my way through my list . mostly i like the lack of lines .
given the context i would prefer pu month 2015 . in either case let ' s hope this does not extend past a fortnight .
he ' s shit - talking leffen and i bet even he knows he clearly does n ' t stand a chance . i ' d consider that trolling .
the dutch are terrible too then .
yeah , it would be too cool if it were true . but i think i missed the mark . i still think we ' ll see cotto mayweather .
it was a diver , and it was poorly written because he had made it up on the spot for his wife .
this , they gave my money back and then took money out again today .
but it ' s possible to turn that off , enter direct law , no ?
big gigantic ! i ' ll be there ! should be fun !
i would really be thrilled to see a corps finally do beethoven right !
do n ' t give them any ideas .
dude , did you just call us aids ?
sounds like fun . i need to check out this reddit you speak of .
haha a girl after my own heart .
i have no idea what the goal of your post was here . you may as well not have posted and it would n ' t have changed anything .
not even close , bev was moving forward toward lebron the whole time . you ca n ' t play legal defense moving forward .
i think you missed the part where he did it with the kid ' s father .
yeah but that ' s not what you want in fifa . like op said , you want everyone to push up with one fullback left on the halfway line .
no sea here , thus making it a land urchin .
ah thanks man , i have actually never tasted brown sauce
this is my first mechanical , my only experience is briefly with friends . it ' s hard teaching myself not to bottom out my keys , but it ' s very comfortable to me .
slurping in japan is a compliment to the person who cooked the food .
polan can into space ?
agreed . try it on first . if you ' re paying this amount of money for anything make damn sure it ' s the one you feel right with . i like smaller watches so it makes sense to me .
wild so got released in to a safer spot .
i know , they are really expensive for me though . i need a nordic keyboard layout , the ones that i could find were very expensive .
it ' s basically just chopped cabbage salad . broccoli is good mixed in there , too , if you have it . any mayo sort of dressing is good .
spf - 50 usually does me for a while , but yeah , i often burn up like hell even with it .
yep . that ' s the point .
you ' re serious ? do you not have friends outside the shop that play magic ? how about making friends at the shop to play casually with ?
i ' m feeling mighty forgiving today , but i wo n ' t be tonight cause i have to pass a bullshit checkpoint to get home .
at least you can get a tax deduction for the church ' s guilt trip .
a little of both , good and bad , for me . the size and buildings were well done , but then far shots would have basically grass and dirt camo stripes on him which did n ' t look good to me .
yeah cause you have a fps counter to tell aye ? you ignorant fuck .
yeah but god clearly answered this to joseph . pray about it .
it ' s android so probably twilight edit : i made a mistake i was thinking of f . lux
most people when they see a spaniard will try to speak spanish for him , instead of him trying to speak portuguese . the same occurs with every other nationality .
only because you ' re never a round .
they are honey locust ! i have tasted the pods that have dropped off the tree . the goo inside tastes like honey mixed with a little grass . the cows and other wildlife love them .
you ' ve got to when the steaks are high .
optical character recognition . recognizing text from images . there are rumors that there are bots that crawl reddit looking for game keys . it was a counter - measure to that
i mean i have my nexus 5 now . i was just saying it did n ' t work on all devices : p
well i do n ' t really know enough to help you out but make sure you back up your system before you start modifying .
so many rattles , i can tell exactly what kind of tarmac is being used because it tunes itself differently for different roads .
apparently he ' s posted quite a few of them . he ' s in at least one that i saw . it ' s pretty creepy actually . dude really digs his mom .
yes kids , this is in fact how mommy ' s and daddy ' s show they love each other . so you see son that ' s why you do n ' t do that to your sister .
they took the souls franchise back to what it used to be ; exclusive to one console . it ' s a step back .
shonen jump usually gets 2 cour shows . multiple seasons occasionally too .
i ' m scottish , it does n ' t , not better than wanker anyway .
like most gamers , i do n ' t really think they care too much about cleanliness . it ' s only good for visitors and house tours and that ' s about it .
did you see the glorious long balls he was sending up to ox and rooney and welbeck in the last set of england games ?
it ' s fixed .
that smells like shit you made up .
the black and white blurry , barely visible pictures ? it ' s 2015 buddy hd camera ' s have been around for a while .
aww , do n ' t down yourself ! i ' m sure you sound fine !
wow people on this sub really need to learn to take a joke .
scripture is n ' t relevant . actions are the only thing that matter and muslims act in a far more homophobic manner .
and note how i cited more sources then wikipedia while you have yet to cite anything but your own opinion .
i love it when you pull one out , and you feel it tingling all the way up into your sinus cavity . i love that shit . lol
what about the customers at the video store ?
you know that they are n ' t one unit , right ? in fact they ' re running against each other and sometimes have different opinions .
lots of people are convinced they are pulling their boot straps , but have no idea what a boot strap looks like .
big up cheshire .
sweet , let ' s talk about how perfect bowie is in the prestige ! what form of communications do you prefer ?
only a table . we have all the other requisite stuff .
well if the stuff he makes in a studio is barely passable as music , i doubt his music live is will be better .
yea that ' s the one lift im not happy about been trying to work it up
that ' s some hard sci - fi .
instant oatmeal is just fine . i mean steel cut oats are probably better , but personally i just ca n ' t stand the texture and taste of anything other than instant oats .
in my venom , they outrun me , and half the time they climb as high as they can and just sit there for 20 minutes until the match is over
wow , you went to israel but cannot spell it correctly ?
meh , i dunno . it strikes me initially as a fabricated crisis . all i ' m saying is that it is n ' t helpful to talk past him if you want to refute him .
i think the bbc are hoping for lots of fans like you , for their sake i hope you ' re not alone .
those wings look very slender with a steep angle at the cutting edge . it ' s amazing to think that the load of the plane is carried by those things .
all i hear is a loud farting .
full mech . thing feels great in your hand . should have them both within the next week .
comic book batman is literally one of the smartest dudes on the planet he ' ll manage .
well fwiw it being a cute tiny little beast makes some deep lizard part of the human brain think baby .
okay , but i ' ll still ask you for them every turn until you kill me , deal ?
ohhhh man , does that go through the sheets ?
riv is silver and has never tried to pretend he has anything but a silver level understanding of the game .
to be fair , this is the first they are selling metaknight , and the best buy situation in nyc was particularly atrocious , and there are no walmarts here
we plan on bringing in more people but for now its going to be me and a rotating cast of people .
yeah for sure . from what i understand he had been trying to sell it for more for a couple weeks before i copped it . thanks l
i ' m just referring to the fact that they scored among the leagues worst , yet even without price , their defence and an average starter would still make them a middling team
you should post that sentence more often !
drying jeans is bad for them . you are n ' t really supposed to wash them , at most every 2 months , and even then you should let them air - dry .
ca n ' t help it . it ' s a nice ass
while not technically a hallucination , they ' re effectively the same thing . either way , you think something that did n ' t happen happened .
i wonder if the size of the crowd , and the accessibility or not of the sahara , varies from weekend 1 to weeknd 2 .
i agree with that guy , hype machine
i ' m not big in to football . what ' s the joke here about seahawks fans being new or being on the bandwagon ? eli5
i ' ve enjoyed trying the different ones . it is pricy , but i do n ' t mind it as i am not drinking nearly the amount per week as i was of say beer or other drinks .
my kid loves pbs kids . such a great app for kids !
i ' d avoid the wiki . spoiled a few things for myself that way .
as a canadian , i ' m trying to picture a government - affiliated website calling out harper the way this website personally targeted the president . unbelievable . my mind is boggling .
yep , uk ' s the clear winner . then catalonia , then spain , and then the worthless shit - rectangle .
welcome to the hobby ! you and your friends chose an absolutely excellent game to start with . let us know if you ' d like any recommendations or if you ' d like to talk over any purchases .
i do like across the street bars and bikes . real question , people keep mentioning hills to me . how terrible are these hills ?
any tips for a more natural looking city ? i always comeback to grid type designs .
i ' m an atheist of catholic parents .
what does case stand for ?
the only garth nix book i ' ve read so far is mister monday , but i found his writing absolutely captivating , and this is from someone who rarely enjoys young adult or fantasy .
6 . 7 , auto . i ' ve found the 6 - speeds are a pain when you ' re hauling this heavy . we ' re able to get a lot more life out of the autos , too . they ' re very solid units .
being an adult can be severely disappointing , when they ' re finally shown how cold the world is . so people prefer to hold onto a better time as long as they can .
pretty and tasty ! dandelion leaves for salad , and dandelion wine for yesss .
what happens when adoption agencies decide that they dont want kids to go to gay families ? this is not about a cake or flowers .
you chain it up and wash it cause its just a fucking dog .
it ' s easy when you learn the fact that scripture does in fact not directly oppose it .
takes me a while to get into that position , but when i do , oh boy , is it nice .
sorry for your loss , homie
if it happened already in 2012 then would n ' t it have already been rebranded by now ? why would they still call it the last guardian in recent updates ?
yeah , if they had won their eurovision broadcaster would have co - hosted the 2016 eurovision in a european city of their choice .
do n ' t judge him on star rating , pretty sure he would be rated a star player for the premier league .
the okra was smothered .
did you send the correct transaction hash and made sure not to use any attachments in the email ?
he has a lot of upside on defense , on the glass , and in transition . but if i see him foul another guy i ' ll throttle him .
it is ? i almost walked out of the theater . that was a while ago . i am trying to get to re - watch them but i do n ' t know . i ' ve seen one person agree with me so far haha .
op is a girl trying to hang out with another girl as a friend .
first match , kane vs neville . i ' d mark out if kane somehow hit a red arrow without killing himself
why would religion need protecting ? it can either stand on it ' s own two legs or it dies off , that ' s what happened most of all religions that ever existed .
is this the same for all mammals ? or is this a human lung ?
she banged gunner , the pothead guy who works with dylan and uncle father now
wait . hold on . is that true ? it probably is but could n ' t colleges catch up on that ?
it makes sense to me in determining the moral character of an individual , but it ' s not that applicable to the actual actions that person took .
honestly image would be a good pick .
yes i ' ve read it , but i have no idea what you mean by adding a reference to it . like , in the books ?
you ' re going to have to expand this point further for me .
i did my final row with granny square stitch !
big brazil is a republic . light green brazil is the monarchy , though they do not have a monarch .
because fk is just another e - commerce platform , not some once - in - a - century innovation , unlike google search
not a republican ? that ' s pretty weird , seeing as gun control and net neutrality , which you are obviously heavily against , are democratic ideals . and you still provide no evidence .
he also threw the first game with his incredible lissandra play . this guy is the only one standing between clg and the first place but whatever
that is the hope ! as long as i ' m able to smoke freely , i ' ll probably be there !
when you look at the season as a whole though , our injury record has been shocking .
christ you people do n ' t appreciate what the internet has provided you . - early 90s sears catalog user
i ' d say it ' s too harsh but yes , game is unfinished and requires patience either to play it or wait for once it ' s atleast in beta .
this is true , and it ' ll probably be cringey as all fuck .
i really appreciate the offer but i ' m gonna take this a a fresh start . the rebirth of my account . everything vapor s for a reason so i ' m just gonna ride it out .
what does the work load consist of ?
you look pretty today sincerely , a guy
wish i could get my xl modded for this . i ' d break the shit out of it though . i am terrible at soldering .
i was about the same age when my dad was really into myst . it was always a great time watching him play . the music and environment was amazing for the time .
i have , bon iver is too good to fall asleep to haha . i find myself singing along . maybe i need to listen to artists i ' m not familiar with .
can you tell me more about the boiling then freezing process ?
i would n ' t place either country too high on my list .
never been to a fest before , but i plan on bringing a kite or two
my post was asking for link to the diary evidence . i think any evidence will be subject to debate .
south starts protestant , north catholic . reformation for the north goes as usual , but the south has catholic c . o . r . that ' d just be whack .
my son is starting to act like a neuro typical so the future is bright you ' ll see .
ca n ' t do completely bald but i ' m definitely keeping my hair very , very short .
can you speak english for me , please ?
i am too lazy to mine . i hearth from my salvage yard so that when i log in next , i can be right in front of the mission table .
i ' m guessing op is mormon . so no alcohol for him mate .
oh i love that comment as well . if we break up that ' s the short and sweet summary i ' m going to give my friends : i love sex and i did not sign up for monogamous celibacy .
i use it every day but obviously as a stimulant it does n ' t relax you and just makes your mind race .
stop trying to make fetch happen . it ' s not going to happen .
yeah iirc he was acting hand ?
i push mongo . wanna fight about it ?
haha the bowl does n ' t go up as far as you think . and actually when you ' re smoking it the water in the ash catch is level . i admit it does look awkward though
i am about to graduate next week so i figured i might as well check out the collection while i lived here . it was incredibly enjoyable and the people working there are great !
so worth it though .
as a packers fan , i get joe and aikman casting all the time and its frustrating .
most places do n ' t have government run stores that only carry beer and wine or only carry liquor either : p
good point about the tram and the direct train !
are you the same guy who took some kind of panorama today ?
oh man that would have been perfect !
ugh , the one at the end who does n ' t shave her legs ; absolutely repulsive .
you know you can play most games with a controller on pc right ?
imdb - 5 . 7 . how ' s the movie ?
haha , yea good point .
i mean modify it so it does n ' t destroy the wrap and short the battery
if you just stop sending now , they ' ll assume you faded . i would probably just try to maintain some small talk . alternatively , just ask them out for a date , and schedule it a week out .
yes i know . trinkets been a very bad boy .
indeed it is . i will probably tweak it over time , but i am happy with it ! yours is great too ! i think yours has better feet haha
ah , makes sense . it certainly looks great . kiln drying is the way to go !
i was at a game where he got super pissed for being pulled out of a game and chucked his mitt into the stands .
oh might have skipped that part , thought they did n ' t mention him at all .
correct me if i ' m wrong but an actual sequel to man of steel is coming out after this and that will be titled man of steel 2 .
the ai is terrible with ships anyway and the submarine ca n ' t attack cities . refrigeration is better for the tourism rush .
ditto . i tell people diving is my version of drugs : bright colors , reduced motor control , it ' s expensive , and it ' s addictive .
yeah i agree . going through ds9 pre dominion war is a bit tough to go through .
yes , i ' ve actually watched a heap of videos on how to do it . but when it comes to making any sound at all , even my own natural voice , i freeze up .
thanks man , i ' ll be on the lookout for it .
he become the lead designer because he was the first one there to claim the job .
just wondering , how was it a dumb question ?
you should n ' t live there .
that ' s it ! on my mobile but will mark solved at home .
are you sure those are n ' t just knobs ? i do n ' t remember ever seeing either redirect force like the dials did .
if you ' re willingly not introspective at all , then you ' re setting up for future failures of ignorance for which the foundation lies in your unwilling introspection .
tbh it still would n ' t take long maybe 5 minutes for 500 or so rings
when doing quads i try to run . 6 but usually end up closer to . 7
this imac is not for gaming on . more aimed at content creators and a 2 grand 5k resolution screen with the pc included is honestly a steal at that point for people in that market .
oh cool , i ' ll look into it next time we go to ikea !
naah . i dont think so . indian team is in form . bowlers bowling well and ind getting comfortable wins , except one against wi
dont forget the children .
yeah , and to me that completely defeats the purpose . you look silly is the other thing .
girl , who here does n ' t watch untucked ?
if you have alzheimer ' s , it ' s like a new game every single day !
they do n ' t in a lot of them .
her wedding dress was pretty fancy .
it ' s like some gpl cold war , with everyone hoping nobody else kicks it off
lol how do you find out something like that ?
ya super awesome . there should be a subreddit for stuff like this !
you ' re not entitled to the source code unless you ' re a user of the binary offered on steam , in which case the link tells you where to find the source .
it ' s just a bad idea . it ' s sharknado bad , but worse . it is n ' t even as good as raptor island or ice spiders .
that sounds amazing . good onion ring dip is seriously underrated .
bryan better not win the ic title he does n ' t need it .
yea the attack on pearl harbor was my favorite childhood memory !
well do n ' t you feel dumb now ? you gotta believe , man !
yeah , i was at an old dairy farm and they had a water bath for the milk cans to sit in until the truck came . better than nothing .
i recommend trying both just to see things from the other healer ' s perspective . getting sch to 50 and running endgame stuff with that class made me a better white mage .
this a 1000 times over . there is a pole trophy at the end of each season now , that ' s good enough .
some are more than others , i am only taking about hip width , then again i am not a doctor , nor a mother . just a father married to a thin chinese woman , who fortunately has wide hips .
a picture from one of the movies ? or a drawing by tolkien or other artist ?
yeah , literally full of shit .
you might be on to something because i also find after a bottle of water i can spit without strings . i was just confused if i somehow never learned how to spit correctly .
that makes no sense logically though . his seismic clap would have nothing to push so he would go nowhere .
i really do n ' t know what all calculus consists of . i just know we do it and we always mix it in with different things .
damn straight , i always wanted to do that . and i think if i were a millionaire i could hook that up too , cause chicks dig dudes with money .
ya , it is a difficult habit to stop . and i guess no one really wants to binge and purge , it ' s often just uncontrollable .
the specific arrangement of them can sure as hell be a trademark , which is just as enforceable .
the point is that you being offended does n ' t mean anything , not that you do n ' t have the right to get offended .
holy shit . take away his fan card .
brb gonna go to canada or somewhere with snow , backboard myself , and go sledding .
hell yeah ! you just reminded me of a vietnamese place near my house that has a killer meal for about 1 . 50 more . you have to order it ahead but way more worth it
and it needs to cool slowly . in an oven , or covered in sand or some other insulator
i joined the nights watch with only one goal in mind . to save my city .
basically though any enemy that charges you , you can cheese by doing the axe charge attack . its pretty funny though .
or some kid breaking in my house . fuck
he ' s back this semester . teaching at least two classes .
about an hour - ish 6 days a week if you do the alpha bracket , if you just do the weekends bracket it ' s a smaller payout but only 3 days .
except the reasons to have a list of all members only has as many advantages as it does disadvantages . why does the f . o . need to know paid members for a group that does n ' t involve them ?
i tend to stay in the south end , but go to the university during most days so i bump into some sometimes
so you ' re saying it ' s not physically possible for a person to break a law and then the body charged with enforcing it fails to hold them accountable ?
i ' m sad that your reply is 9 days late and wo n ' t get enough upvotes . good work .
only the referee has the authority to stop the game to allow treatment .
moving to korea is definitely your cheapest option .
just get a steamer , it does rice , but also everything else you can imagine , vegetables , meats , fish , eggs .
there is no logic to be found in the arguments of the sjw , only feels .
do you know a lot of well - off criminals ? the kind of people that use guns for violence usually dont have 30k lying around for purchasing a gun from the black market .
i agree , but that picture is super - butch . she looks more femme with short hair in others .
that ' s weird , auto mod said this post was deleted .
last i ' ve heard from aidan was a while back . no interactions with luna or anything so basically , whatever . still want the jin sex to happen .
do n ' t blame all of canada for ontario ' s stupid laws ! it ' s much more reasonable in most other provinces .
iraq war 1 , conducted by reagan ' s vp , or iraq war 2 , conducted by reagan ' s vp ' s son ?
so no talk about a mod for a game that this subreddit is dedicated to ? uh , okay i guess .
let ' s hope so . it ' ll be the first time i ' ve ever been to one .
when you ' re scouting , for a small price you get a grade in the category and for a boosted price you can see the actual overall .
funny how you believe anti - chinese propaganda and actually think the ridiculous claims you just read reflect reality .
thanks . it would be nice to not have to go into detail with the doctor hopefully if i pretend i do n ' t know the cause , it wo n ' t make any difference to the recommended treatment .
according to her , her husband has a secret knock so she knows that nobody from gamergate is at her door . her husband does not have a key to the house
besides , i do n ' t want a communist manifesto in my fe games . or having to trade my characters for old german money .
huh . til i did n ' t know how to spell sydney crosby . edit : never mind , i wrote it correctly the first time . it ' s sidney .
yeah . not sure why you ' re speaking like someone out of a monty python film , though . none of us actually talk like that .
watch his interview about columbine . probably the only person in the room who cared about it beyond ratings .
i ' ve never tried those , will have to give it a shot !
just call me or drop a post on my fb wall .
i guess . lol . but someone else is gonna be a sad panda .
how long is a piece of string ?
i imagine they are feeling like we would if we traded cox . a promising young defensive stud , except for the acl injury .
it was a point , mate . if you want to compare players , compare what players have done , not what their teams have won .
best be made of beeswax or we might as well be white . be ye yellow with black stripes or black with yellow stripes ?
part of the reason why they decided to judge as teams out of nowhere , probably .
they ' d put me away !
it ' s a fairly common thing to do
plus adversary mode is really fun .
from what i ' ve read that ' s great , but it ' s still a loss that joe could afford to have and elgin honestly ca n ' t .
ty for saying that , after using it for too long i thought it was op as well . btw most of the time i combo the parry , after missing an attack that would leave me wide open
the liver sorta looked like the scumbag cap so i was confused when the intestines done good .
yeah , he looks a bit zombie - ish with no pupils .
drive by fuck .
no , but combined with omniscience it does . omniscience is a far greater flaw in the arguments for a god than omnipotence .
before . that ' s why debra said know . also the fact that he cheated on her with a fish did n ' t help .
shoot em or call animal control , cats breed like rats , soon you will have more then you can get rid of .
as a guy , i can say yes , some guy has stuck their dick in said water wiggly toy , even though i have no idea what youre talking about .
i ' ve heard that too , i ' ve never been to germany but definitely experienced it in france , still , there ' s really no excuse for it .
really ? i think that ' s a little extreme . the name did n ' t evoke thoughts of bondage or anything negative when i read it .
as a welshman , you do n ' t seem to know much about it . either that or you fail to understand the concept of different languages .
so , are you gonna work on giving us a control we ' re happy with or will you just keep it that way ? please , a clear statement for once .
yet other movies achieve it , but others are terrible .
something closer to human weight , i had thought like a car seat sensor .
ouch , sick burn . i guess i will have use my free healthcare to get this treated .
ukraine is specifically saying the war wont end until all the territory including crimea is returned to ukraine .
more of a headbutt .
no , your inventory . so under the map it ' ll show you your current save data , not anyone elses
they draw up to 4 at the start of their turn .
what ' s a tarmac ? i ' m american and can only think that term is reserved for airport runways .
2 or 3 ? its 2015 the question is ddr3 or 4 now . get with the times man .
expanding the idea - if you put ie . 6x diamond in red and 1x in green , it will split in 6 : 1 ratio
it means unlimited validation on tap , which results in serious damage to her personality and ability to take responsibility for her actions .
aaaaand now we ' re all on a watch list .
weird , i ca n ' t stand ipas either , but sierra nevada pale ale is great .
word ' em up . i was supposed to do research with that phone and text my mom if there was a problem , and it ' s not fair that i lost the ability to contact my mom or get information .
it was a joke , not a dick , do n ' t take it so hard .
what kind of antelope did you think they were referencing in home on the range ?
actually i do . just a few years ago , axl was at a club and accidentally spilled a girl ' s drink . so he bought her a new one and her boyfriend punched him in the face .
yeah that shit do n ' t sell but damn it i ' d buy an album full of introspective t pain music in a heartbeat .
am canadian , can confirm
the problem with the cs gas mixes is the blowback .
i swear to god the gillette tech is the best razor ever made .
it ' s amazing when people leave their life behind to help those in need . warms my heart .
i ' ve got no way back hc , face full of violence tpb and guns of vengeance tpb if you were interested .
not really . i think it qualifies as a continent .
mix was in my section when we played against the union .
so the right of the parent should trump the right of a developing fetus ?
thank you so much i took your advice . open another portal . pulled another ashley b : d : d : d
naw man that was revolution into i ca n ' t stop . it was sick though .
iron bull ?
actually , the house has no gutters , so that may very well be part of the problem .
even if they were club level fights it still looks ridiculous with a turn out of less than 20 people . if its small scale like that , just scrap the press conference altogether .
as was said before at least it ' s some evidence . this guy is just saying most b1g teams would go sub . 500 in the sec with no evidence at all .
if your comment has nothing to do with electromagnetic radiation then i do n ' t understand why you were replying to a thread about the side effects of man - made electromagnetic radiation .
that was my first thought . the way he ' s holding it i imagined flipping through the pages just by raising and lowering my hand . i feel like that would be such a satisfying feeling !
lol . neither of us our tea drinkers . never have been . love a cup of joe !
i was actually surprised at how consistent my mana base for my five color deck was , and i did n ' t spend much money on it at all .
if anyone read that and could n ' t even tell it was a joke after reading there would be a line in the episode calling someone ' s waifu a shit , they are too dumb to deserve oxygen .
seems like an action that has natural consequences .
the staircase is completely uniform , as if made from a single piece of stone .
where are you getting this ? can you cite some papers about increased rates of infection and disease in people who do n ' t shave or trim their leg hair ?
g2a is n ' t exactly reliable though , i wo n ' t be giving them any of my money .
yeah , dragon kick is n ' t necessary though . you could kick the daughters then apply demolish then tod to the son and continue your rotation on the daughter .
so you do n ' t want property rights . you want it to be okay vigor me to steal your shit ? because that ' s what not having private property means .
that really sucks . perhaps you can call your local gamestop and ask ?
he said she grew tomatoes too , without much moisture and they were like stones ! lol .
surfers hate them find out why ?
it was released 2 years ago . what difference would one year have made ?
salvador was voted captain , the players love him as a leader . if that doesnt deserve a letter then what the hell does
but it ' s in the same vein as someone who makes a comment correcting another person ' s grammar , while their own comment is full of punctuation errors .
six months till type 1 diabetes ? shit , better enjoy life of endless carbs now
heh , nowadays that ' s a bad habit , not a good one .
hey man , not cool . i can multitask with the best of them .
just remember that you guys have a good team , a fantastic coach , and this is turbine into a game .
yeah , that ' s the mark of a mature team . like kenny said in the post - game , the coaches always told them not to argue with calls because all the talking in the world could not reverse them .
oh yes , of course . i totally neglected that due to my writing everything in latin letters .
you ' re probably not wrong , but that was n ' t the invention that was being discussed .
your heel will still ring out your stride . so , more of a clack , clack , from one foot to the next .
nobody is going to force you to play sab , bro .
i ' d be sad if han sacrifices himself in the new one and blows himself up with the millennium falcon
i ca n ' t promise you ' ll compete this year but having two first rounders next year will be nice .
it ' s the one day a year i make a huge point to stay outside all day . idk , maybe they are banking that it will rain ?
if it involves housing people in their ward it very much does .
it was the football god ' s gift for the loss to arizona .
it ' s pedantic . it makes no functional difference to them .
it ' s much easier to farm vassal exp though . you just have increase bribery if you have the gold .
steely dan is fantastic live . i say this as a mid - 20s white male .
yeah thats a tough group .
i ' m neither a pedant nor an american . of course your humour was n ' t recognized as such , the opinion you were apparently mocking is the expected standard .
gonna talk captain cold into freezing you ?
chi - pot - ul
lol man in my humble opinion if they can reach earth , they can blast our shit , too .
swear to god , soon they are going to start complaining that there are no paid mods .
it ' d basically just be a translation from cartoon to live action and exactly the same aside from being shortened a bit .
200 pages just dedicated to this gif in flip book form .
some odd western noodle creation .
nice !
not when the probe is a mimic !
he said it was a diesel but you add some other shit to it to keep emissions down . adding diesel to petrol ends badly .
i have played with the work angle , but through the mask it ' s difficult to tell if i am being consistent . i will have to record myself or have the instructor watch me . thanks for the tip .
and then she licks your face ! this is why i prefer cats . i do n ' t know what they put in their mouths but at least they do n ' t insist on licking my face right after .
it ' s called a reverse auction and it ' s how my dad buys new cars .
makes me wonder if they ever figured out what the mirrors on a car are for .
good lord that ' s exactly what they said about the book of mormon when he had missionaries over to convert me hahahaha
people would be expecting walter white good , not godzilla solid
yeah i plan on getting her done as soon as she has finished her period , didnt think you could do it while they are on !
well i would n ' t call it hiking but i see a lot of runners . there is a ton of hiking in san diego though
that god for that ! i love a natural woman !
fair . yay spleen !
honestly i have no idea . i stopped listening somewhere in the middle of the lecture . sorry
sorry to hear that . it ' s easily my favorite gun in the game . keep trying !
that was actually what i was expecting . did n ' t turn out .
if someone or something is good craic it means theyre fun to be around . entertaining . makes you laugh etc . i think its more irish but very common over here .
haha yeah i know . i did n ' t quite make the body curvy enough . it looked really funny before the clothes were put on : d
daniel bryan too , he was in the giant ' s parade
nothing wrong with working from a photo reference but those ones you mention were badly done , very jarring . i did n ' t like them .
i also assumed it was worth 50k - not cost 50k .
i never get asked . everyone knows that the people who vote democrat are the dregs of society and the net loss faction of human existence .
i think they are tights rather than leggings . which is a pretty normal look . more practical than bare legs .
i do n ' t idolize kenny , i just laugh my ass off at the antics .
sometimes making things up does n ' t work .
ah i did n ' t know that . i figured he was a bit of a hot head most of the time . that ' s good !
i know . i would n ' t regret buying it if he got traded , but it ' s disappointing to think about .
and i ' d recommend exchanging the home symbol used currently for a streamer ' s profile with something more appropriate . i ' d press that expecting to go back to the site home page .
yeah there was one on the tv in the god damn hospital waiting room i was in last week .
i just realized that a few moments after my reply . sorry about that .
she had work done around her eyes that make it not look like her anymore . maybe it will soften with time . but , really , what was wrong with her ?
amazed you could tell what jump that is . it is indeed the controlled jump . suros is amazing . hits a little less hard than the vex but the healing is extremely useful in crucible .
well , it ' s late here , and i am tired . it ' s been interesting talking to you . i guess i learned a thing or two , the way you think is interesting . really alien to me , but interesting !
same . maybe it was less cringey in person , maybe it was more hilarious . but damn , she was wasting everyone ' s time with her inept bullshit .
fuck , forgot about that .
part of the issue is that scotland does n ' t have a huge pool of players to call on . to an extent they are forced to use what they have .
it ' s literally cheaper than water in prague . last week i got three beers with a friend for about 4 dollars .
although that is in line with what a lot of farmers seem to want . they were wrong obviously and the cull did nothing apart from upset people but still
exactly , how else can he continue fishing ?
he ' s a state house rep , not a federal one . i do n ' t know about missouri , but in my home state the legislature only meets 60 days per year .
i watch florida a lot because they ' re my eastern team so i know how good he is
they are nasty but 6 weeks seems like a stretch . i had staph infection when i played highschool football . did n ' t miss any time . just wrapped that shit up tight .
they ' re called the game boy advance sp .
thx bro .
but damn he clicks that arrow like a man .
ross noble had a solid interview too . the story about running his tank up the country lane gets me every time .
i ' m a big enough fan and i ' m obviously seeing them at the riv . i just thought it ' d be cool to see them at lolla again because they were great there in 2012 .
that being said , manhunter may also be good for the independent woman lead , provided you can ever find it .
it ' s a habanero . i grew them last year in pots on my apartment balcony without much luck , but this year i have a backyard to plant them in
so then it makes sense for players to count squares .
yeah it ' s the scientific name for the spider family pretty much .
lol , yes it was chubb actually . did you end up getting the job ?
he ' s not even muslim . it ' s a strange plan if its a legit story .
it ' s so ingrained . the ironic part is that i predict broadcast television will be replaced in the future by any number of streaming services .
upon further inspection i learn that the spoon is actually metal , and is just painted to look plastic .
you beat me by 5 seconds . you are frame perfect .
how do i live ? i live proudly knowing i pushed the button .
there ' s not much valor in picking on the little guy .
you need to start your sacrifices to frank eaton now , before you jinx rudy .
i believe the title is referring to keeping your gun rather than throwing it like a spear .
i personally do n ' t see what is wrong with her face . she has a great face . smoking hot body too !
i ' ve heard it as well but it sounds kinda off to me .
bull shit , thats like ronaldo saying he likes bale scoring goals
race is n ' t about skin color . albino africans are n ' t white just because their skin is white .
but that ' s their big thing , that ' s the whole dynamic between them . there ' s no reason to force them together other than to just do it .
i would definitely not date someone who says they like bill cosby , the person .
yeah ! still my favorite long run series ever . it ' s what got me back into reading comics on the regular again .
also going to need pic of girlfriend to rule her out as a suspect .
but this has been always the case , why now ?
the right - wingers think it ' s heavily biased to the left , the left - wingers think it ' s biased to the right .
that ' s pretty disappointing . the trailer made it look like a hack and slash zombie game
scrap both and go sharpness plus one actually . still been the two i would go evasion one and minds eye .
true , i have an extended cab 2006 tundra and it is damn near impossible to have fun in the backseat . which is why i bring a blanket for the bed of the truck and hope for warm weather .
thanks ! a lot of the details and finer lines were filled in with pencil .
would n ' t that be the coolest plot twist ever ?
also i do n ' t see big companies buying ad time on porn sites . there ' s a reason most ads on porn sites are for other porn site , or sex toy sites , or stuff like that
that ' s what i ' m kind of unsure about . i try to count my breath but that does n ' t work . not sure what sensation i should focus on
yeah , the system has ruled that have to be followed . follow the rules and shit works
your best bet may be a gents tailor . i ' ll keep my eyes out just in case .
still repeating the same thing . the creativity is strong
my bad , mikey . i did n ' t know that was you .
who ' s this victor guy ?
both would be great , dylan is more of an unknown to logan and i seen him play a peter type character in teen wolf so i would prefer him .
i ' ve worked expo before and some waitresses were super nice so i always went out of my way to make their lives easier . this is a great tip , thank you !
i find she stands out as being the most boring amongst the rest of the cast . everyone is more interesting than her . of course , her zombie condition is interesting , but not her as a person .
you actually watched that video ? you sure have a strong gut .
it ' s true .
he has good footwork though , but i see your point . patrick for some reason plays small in my opinion . i feel like james johnson plays bigger than him
written by a pakistani , in indian express . lol
i stand corrected . went to dinner with my sister and she says they do n ' t have birthing suites . they do take in infants who need more specialized care .
can i live with you guys ?
i agree . everyone complains about the taste , but i really enjoy it .
in what way was no man ' s wharf hidden ?
the consequence of having an abortion is rape ? wtf ? i doubt you realize the pressure on young brides to abort female fetuses . they ' re physically threatened and their marriage is at stake .
fair point .
yah , its high enough off the coils does n ' t get hot , been vaping on it all day
you made this comment with absolutely 0 scientific statistical evidence to support it . you bastard !
are you joking ? do you have anything resembling an understanding of russian politics ?
as noted , ice may no longer be slippery on europa , but you can always play roller hockey !
i mean , who does n ' t love flying out of the car window during a crash right ?
you must be related on her father ' s side then lol . i did read that it ' s hereditary too .
thanks asshole my moms been dead since i was eight hope you get mangled in a car crash .
he has to decide his smile at the start of the season and is n ' t allowed to change it
white paper is racist by making the black text do all the work .
why are you responding in a manner to communicate to me how you seriously feel ? you obviously care enough to that extent .
no person should be used for an end . kant argues that people are ends in themselves .
why is this a prius thing ? is there something i ' m missing ?
i stocked up on protein shakes and drinkable yogurt today but i ' m more afraid of the drugs as i ' ve never been high in my life
i do n ' t see how it could n ' t help him ! shark knowledge is everything when you ' re up against the kgb .
she ' s like one month in to her career . let ' s see where she is a year from now .
but later on is over two thousand strips in , so you know , do n ' t start reading just for that . read it because it ' s awesome .
i ' ve made tens of thousands of dollars from selling books . sometimes the curtains actually are just blue because the sentence seemed too short without a word there . you people are insane .
100 - 0 real quick
everything i have said is supported by evidence . nothing you have said is supported by evidence .
devon is definitely a little funny .
only small - minded people think he ' s got an ego , though .
so it ' s a balance thing ? that makes more sense . that ' s why i love me some third world squatting . yeah he ' s two inches taller than me and i was pretty bad at balancing when i started .
i got no problem with atheists , the anti - theists however are something else . ok , prove there is no god . oops , ca n ' t , must be faith .
you ' re an awful one for saying full stop and end of . it really does n ' t add any weight to what you ' re saying .
i ' m guessing the math part comes in handy because you ' re able to keep track of a lot of numbers in your head . does n ' t make it possible , it makes it easier .
this might happen at some point but it ' s a little tricky because of the current code structure . we ' ll see what i can do . but it ' s not the first on the list for coming features though .
near perfect , only been used for 2 weeks or so tops
oh then what would you call that ?
the manuals , yes . why would you consider a guide published by a third party more authoritative than square ' s setting design book ?
i did n ' t think my expectations were tremendous . just let me know how i can distinguish between supernatural claims and fiction would be a great start .
n - gage ? that ' s just cruel . the cycle of violence needs to stop !
my parents , like a good little girl .
most decks run 3 or 4 mechs by default , even if they ' re not mech centered since the mech - tag is basically free
he looks like cartman , the similarities end there .
well since i already have a new body , sure !
why would you be bothered if either team loses ? haha
hey ! that ' s not nice ; it ' s demeaning to the snakes .
bucket ?
he ' s not in the game and i see why orlando went small
there ' s a guy in the hot tub , i do n ' t know who wait a minute , it looks like stu
that fight made me an expert on raiden . holy hell , i could flawless most of my friends by the time i was finished .
yep ! track position is king !
or certainly might be a difficult transition . when we did this , my daughter would cry for 5 - 10 minutes , which was an amount of time i was comfortable with .
what about wasting a 3 with his double at the end level game .
i dont know about worst in texas . worst pd in texas is a very competitive title . hard to keep imo .
frosted fruit toaster pastry , vanilla bean ice cream , and fresh milk .
your art has definitely been seen ! no worries about that ; d
they slap tw on first to bolster the franchise . they do n ' t care if it sounds awkward .
cheers for the input but already read the martian ! was my first fiction book since being a child , and it was a damn good read .
you gotta drive faster , dc is only like 4 and a quarter away ! and good point . plenty of very talented russians already play in the nhl .
shocking even : d
not sure why you are downvoted . it is quite common and very easy to make ethanol based spirit and just add a flavoring to them .
imo jimbo ' s offense is way too complicated for young wrs . he should have adjusted his play book in order to account for y ' all ' s inexperience at that position .
i ' m currently sleeping an average of 5 hours a day . i ' m almost vince ! : b
i feel ya man , milk just tastes so good . check with your doctor though , lactose intolerance can sometimes develop later in life
link or it did n ' t happen .
first rule of cat showering ; cut claws first !
yeah i had the same thought about lube but that definitely is n ' t the issue . she ' s wet enough naturally , plus i did use extra as a last attempt , but she is simply too tight .
thats a really bad idea .
me too . i speak cat .
no we do n ' t cunts just high a f
management sucks . 15 years of experience coding with no plans of changing to manager . and as a senior engineer you make as much as a manager anyhow
i can never tell the emotion of my dictionary .
might be late i ' m afraid , hopefully will get on with reasonable time .
can do both those with an mx these days , but fair enough . i have n ' t done a side by side comparison .
my february baby just learned to walk a few weeks ago !
thanks man ! probably the best game i ' ve played .
would testicle transplants result in the donor ' s sperm , or would the donated testicles produce their new owner ' s sperm ?
geology is a great field to be in . very broad on what direction he could go with it .
yeah same for me man . they are a lifesaver and i am on a pretty small amount .
went camping in early march last year , had some great swimming days !
it was all very odd . i wish i knee what they had been . a few weeks after that incident i was driving down the road and blew out both tires on one side , though this is probably unrelated .
very true . plus it ' s more fun outside . i just have to be careful people do n ' t think i am being sketchy , haha .
pretty much . maybe because i work in this everyday it ' s the norm . haha .
i think it ' d be pretty exceptional to not miss a penalty while sleeping
can you take that any father ?
the band is named after marilyn monroe ' s real name .
no i see the hand continuing to move . what the hell are you people talking about
thanks for the downvote because i voiced my opinion on how a game should be played . hopefully my post did n ' t anger you and that you can sleep peacefully tonight .
yep . i mean you can take aspirin for the pain . the drink does n ' t have to be ice cold . around room temperature would be fine , since your internal temperature is around 37 c .
true , but the tide of battle in this game can shift in less than a second .
just wait till the door is locked and you kick too hard , know somebody who broke both wrists slamming into a door he thought was unlocked
that ' s the point , there ' s no way they can ever do it again
all you have to do is look them in the eye and talk to them . again no problem with homeless who want help and not money for drugs .
truth . and the villanova players all did their own homework and took their own tests .
sounds like a good idea .
easy breezy beautiful cover goy .
i think it will be an extremely close match , it was a hard decision .
walsh started , do n ' t know how he played though .
he did n ' t quit writing accel world , he wrote the two series simultaneously until he ended sword art a few years ago .
that ' s sick man .
we called it the hog hunt and a requirement was that you had to get her on a scale as part of it .
is pbs so strapped for cash that they ca n ' t afford her another outfit ? i ' m tempted to donate just to help the poor lady out .
lewis was right there after 2012 . he was 79 - 80 - 1 after that year . i guess it only makes sense we tied this year .
be happy you at least sold it , some people couldve had it scammed .
please post your findings !
maybe after its debut elsewhere , but i can confirm it was in the film on the us release date .
i think it came from the butt . that there is a butt stat .
would n ' t it deflate the scrotum then ? nothing to fill it up . my male cat is neutered , he has no balls , and no sack either .
i had a feeling it would be bad , but variety gave it a decent review , so i checked it out . so stupid . but yes , better call saul has been great so far .
post it on youtube ?
i thought about that watching this . maybe the mods should put an epilepsy warning tag ?
they were , but for some reason he looks a little jacked up as a result of the transparency . i ' ll try to clean him up during the next update , or i ' ll revert it to a non - transparent state .
the ford rental car was the only thing that bothered me . not that he was driving a ford but that they shot it like a car commercial as he drove to the hotel .
i ' m not sure what you mean , the founding fathers included a protocol for amendments , which has been used several times to amend laws .
alrighty ! thanks man .
you asked your girlfriend for her phone number and she liked that ?
not everybody is going to like game of thrones just because it ' s popular .
japanese has all kinds of abbreviation - based puns .
hey , i liked da2 anders ! i mean , i wanted to find a way to punch justice right outta his face but he was still a well written and interesting character .
if i had to go scout in the zombie apoc i ' d go with a fatty . they ' re gonna slow down faster and feed more zombies .
i really do n ' t think he gets it removed considering his comments before about living after basketball . on top of that , there ' s no way they let him come back that quickly anyway .
getting trapped in a corner by cassie is the scariest thing in the game .
rogue is a pretty awesome spot .
i know why you do it in general , i wanted to know why a collected tree with what looks like a decent root ball would then need to go in water .
plenty of atheists do n ' t support lgbt rights .
lol yah i beat all the other ones b side this one .
both really , i thought mcgregor breathed some life into his role and it seemed he was actually enjoying himself compared to some others .
i quite like it , it ' s a unique and delicious flavor when you do n ' t feel like vaping another bakery mix .
i ' m not gonna lie i think i ' d probably play that game . assuming it was n ' t , you know , an actual scam or some shit and was just a game .
yeah it ' s lost its charm , agreed .
every single gun does , besides , a gun could use a razor sharp needle and it would still go terrible .
yeah , i ' d be all about taking sterling to dinner before i even had wonderland ' s aim screen name .
that damn sabo . he ' s so hot right now .
whoops ! it ' s pretty late - i read it and instantly forgot .
guess i just need to practice using prep more efficiently .
that ' s why nfl players go broke after retirement . ca n ' t burn any bridges .
it does n ' t effect that he is still viewed as a bad president . i think you ' re confused because you ' re talking about two different subjects .
heard it here folks , lifesteal and armor is shit on huskar . huskar does no physical damage with 300 bonus attack speed high str gain
hey man , i could be wrong here , but i ' m pretty sure it was a joke .
in bel - air ? did he pull up to the house around 7 or 8 ?
oh damn , much better than my explanation . thanks !
using the homeless as a metric for the economic climate is a bad idea . generally homeless populations are due to other factors . you need to count those just struggling to make do .
agreed with this . the body is long enough that it doesnt really need to be posted .
except this time they have reliable firearms , rockets and transportation that can move at 60 mph . not just swords , arrows and horses .
thanks . do you know what is the guideline for the space i have to leave between my eyebrows so that they look natural ?
so dont the solar arrays get weaker the further they are from the sun ?
by uniting the seas for mass trade ? pushing the world into a technological era ? there is a lot of things .
if you can make a reasonable argument as to his contributing to the turn - around , then why not ? i would love to see non - qbs getting more attention for the award .
lol immature me . yeah it is . sorry i forgot the actual team name in games was different . but yes that ' s me
agreed . that ' d be a good idea for a subreddit .
ah , fair enough . it ' s too bad a good shop was ruined by it ' s idiot owner .
all that water , man .
my girlfriend thinks im crazy for doing the exact same thing . i will be showing her this comment to prove im not a complete lone nutter .
9 - 3 would be a dream result at the bye . shit , i ' d be happy with 8 - 4 .
i watched a rerun on tsn and they did n ' t bleep jack shit .
are they expensive to maintain ? i bought a fish tank about a month ago but still do n ' t know what cleaning fish to use
great idea , navigation here i come : d
looked like he was about to tho . we ' ll just have to see when the game comes out .
it was 2005 . there were cell phones too .
that is a clever name for the place considering it lies on avenue b . rue means street in french . i ' ll be sure to check it out . thank you !
that ' s closest to the plan .
funny . i ca n ' t listen to animal collective on an album but live i really enjoy it . to each their own .
is the political dynasties impact you mention as high as to outweigh the impact the people phased out under age 35 ?
the russian government has not declared war in any way . if such troop forces have made their way somehow to south america , then we request that they be sent back and reprimanded appropriately .
it even had its own tv show at one point , iirc .
eh nick still gets lost sometimes in the pick and roll and knowing how to rotate defensively . i ' m glad he ' s getting minutes though
you shoulda made a left at albuquerque .
since when is sunday the whole weekend ? lol we get all our shopping done on saturday . it is not that annoying when that is what you used to .
give me some examples .
i always thought he was black and that disney was racist , until i read this . disney was still racist , though .
yeah , i would n ' t have the skills to make this look so nice anyway . : p
yep . most issues of the herald are largely devoted to crime .
what do you want me to do , write up an answer in latex , render it to a png , and make the image my comment ? it was 1 in the morning my time when i answered the question , cut me some slack .
give him time , sabo is the best striker we ' ve ever had .
you do n ' t have to register a trademark for it to be valid , did you not read the link ? you do n ' t have to register a copyright for it to be valid . stealing is stealing .
it makes the whole area reek , tbh
the wrx with a cvt has paddle shifters .
are you still watching , david ?
i believe she said something along the line of not having the voice range to sing it like the original .
it ' s already out on t - mobile . i ' ve had mine since march 30th .
well , that ' s what i have and that ' s precisely reason why i want to main bloodtinge .
was n ' t part of fan voting as far as i know
bitch , all km tryna say is that you ' ve gotta be at least 160 lbs
oh man , time to find that video .
gibraltar is the size of a small town . i ' m surprised they can get enough players together .
in canada , or at least around where i live , it tells you the number and offers to call it back . in case you just want to know , but dont actually want to talk to them
is it even possible to turn matter into antimatter ?
i drink buttermilk . i like to drink buttermilk . buttermilk tastes nice .
clear a path to the mainframe ! clear a path ! i have to cut the hard line to the mainframe ! cut the hardline to the mainframe !
i assume more days than months , but that would probably depend on what their best and worst case estimates were for the insertion .
that ' s not true , high end gpus are pushing for 1440p and 4k gaming
i ' m into vampire play , this could work .
this is so hot ! pretty much all my favourite kinks in one video . would love to see more like this . keep up the good work
i ' m also an adopted child who looked like my adoptive parents . people always freaked out when they found out that i was adopted .
i did that because it was in english . there are a bazillion western chants out there , just in latin . that ' s probably the reason .
cos he ' s like ironic n stuff .
i removed the rear track bar and front and the sway bars and it rides so much better than before .
this is just gibberish . it looks more like a bored guy slamming his head on the keyboard rather than an encoding error .
my daughters name is georgia . people tell me that ' s an old person name but i love it .
have you been hanging out with many drugged girls then ?
could you refer me to a tut ? i ca n ' t find any .
which is weird because they did n ' t drink much beer compared to other societies .
you should think about volunteering then . than you can shovel their poo and have all the time you want with them .
no problem ! glad i could help , ca n ' t wait to hear the finished track !
just curious , how do you burn them without burning the tree ?
ah yes ! bee ' s wax . i thought honey wax sounded strange . did you feel like it was smelly enough to mask ? so hard to find candles that are n ' t too smelly , but smelly enough .
holy shit ! i live in decatur too !
ah yes , brienne , quite the slut in the books . one time , she was naked .
either he was n ' t there at the count or this is manufactured nonsense .
also , if things are n ' t working out , just give him a quick blow and it will all be fixed .
it does n ' t end well for the pigeon !
i approve . or orion if you want to get all the fancy stuff first . : o
not long ago , reddit was one of the dark corners of the internet , and it will probably become one again soon . you and your kind will have to stick to facebook and club penguin .
no , its your pussy attitude that leads to war . you would literally be raped in jail .
this . why was grandma logged in to an account that could do that much damage ? this is what guest accounts are for .
fair enough . still no blondes though !
are you red - green colorblind by any chance ? they look distinct to me .
yeah i already had a ghost problem cause of an earlier dwarf going crazy and attacking people .
hermione did n ' t rebel against school and is n ' t a brat .
well damn , i may just grab one then ! thanks man .
indeed , best view in town .
oh , and fwiw , there is nothing wrong with that . the opportunity is there , someone is going to jump into it .
do n ' t worry , i ' m not going back in there any time soon . not until i find out more from this timothy person . i ' ll update as soon as i can .
maybe the target audience , but they are certainly enjoyable for white homies
so you ' ve dedicated your life to learning an ancient martial art and becoming a silent assassin , or you just think it ' s a cool word ?
sort of like the dutch goalie in the fifa world cup , who was a penalty specialist .
i think this is a talking heads reference , but that show was the shit .
yes , that ' s true .
they never revert changes . i dont see your point . quit bitching .
they actually had religious freedom in the netherlands before coming to the new world , but they did n ' t want to assimilate and lose their english cultural identity .
he dropped out of uni but that is what he was there for . remember , dan is very much about the comedy .
hey ! i ' m going to ithaca next year !
where do you deliver mail at ? i only ask because my mom is a letter carrier in nyc and she , along with most carriers i see in the city , use a push cart .
both rolling and folding is common .
so how did you get your initial visa then ? the only thing i can think of is that you were rich and had like 200k euros of capital to invest in a company or something .
lol , because the stereotype is that us europeans get mad at americans calling it soccer , it was in jest . : p
why would whales need tanks ? they do n ' t even have an army .
why do i see these things in seemingly random places alongside roads and such ? least i think i do . maybe it ' s a different little green box by like telephone poles and intersections .
can confirm . it was a joke about the advertising .
awesome congrats to them !
must say i have n ' t really heard much about liz kendall - it ' s at least made me google her !
never meant it was n ' t , i was referring to the stories of how he would just vaporize any groups of terrorists that tried to establish themselves .
a raise for the excellent engineering work in the planned obsolescence , but shot to keep him quiet about it .
which is a top 5 season .
highlands bar ?
game on !
ask the person who buys ugly to keep posting too ?
damn , have you ever considered taking a tolerance break ? how has the high changed from when you first started smoking that heavily ?
may you have a long and horribly virus infected season ! but hopefully nothing life threatening .
this is the kind of idea i support .
but how do you have a full english without eggs ?
is that lw thing , or was it always in the game ?
he is under contract to return . he ' s acknowledged that if they call him to reprise , he has to .
we are at a point where all os ' s need to make their ui work at resolutions like 4k and this extends to games too . strategy games though could really make use of large resolutions .
cheeky , with the handshake .
i thought so too ; but on further inspection you can see the plastic pipe that runs to the cleaner . i think thats all it is .
haha perfect , this is exactly what i was hoping to receive - advice from someone who has been there and done that . thank you !
i ' m sorry . i tried to include as many religions and branches as i could . i ' m only human . i also ca n ' t edit it .
where the f is the video or gif of this ? saw it on sportscenter . looked amazing . want to see more .
once you go upstairs , you have to stay there . there ' s a whole colony of university students trapped on the upper floors of that building .
i do ! pittsburgh area !
much like a pig , their deliciousness outweighs their intelligence .
how ' s the sense of community in reed ? i know because im only at uga for a semester it might be difficult to meet others .
are you claiming any of the falklands islands ?
yeah , that ' s the ship i was on . i did n ' t get there until we were coming out of the yards in newport news . 2004 or 2005 i think .
honestly it can be hard to catch . it ' s only like one line and the whole chapter is a complete shitstorm .
veep is amazing and i ' m so glad i watched it one night after got
bug bite only steals berry items , not regular held items .
at rank 4 you can exchange radiant energy for shards and vice versa . it comes in handy for when you need those last few shards to hit 32
warm milk is better than watered down milk . i ' d rather drink room temperature buttermilk than that skim milk bullshit .
googling gets you nothing relevant to the company . only a bunch of stuff about video games that is n ' t even remotely related .
rome lost wars . and plenty of countries in europe won wars . and lost wars . and sparta as a nation faded away .
and their fruit and veg is often washed in polluted water . cooking either thoroughly can get rid of the bulk of the bugs .
dwight pushes draymond into ariza for 3 free throws . that ' s the kind of game i was watching
gotcha , not serious tinfoil theory then .
dollar bills do n ' t melt in water pleb
which georgia ?
also remember that what we consider a famous poet now might not have been famous in the early 20th century . depends on the person , obviously .
not in denmark as far as i know , as long as the animal isnt hurt and im pretty sure cows can take very large dicks up their butt
it will if the opponent is on a suicide run .
ca n ' t do anything about it since i fucked them up the first time when i did the plucking , now i just have to live with it hahah : d thank you : 3
well considering they play each other , lazio losing means napoli winning
hah , thanks man . maul ' s face would ' ve been sick on a mod .
well , we had just beaten ohio state in columbus . surely a wolverine would understand how much fun beating ohio state is .
oh , a huge honor . a stunning cast , ben ' s work was remarkable , i enjoyed every minute of it . it was filmed all over - los angeles , i think morocco , washington dc . i shot in la .
ha , thanks man .
hey sorry , i was away for the weekend . i am still totally willing to do the trade and buy your moody painting as well . let me know !
the trained and practiced can be excellent shots , absolutely . but most people are n ' t going to put in the time to get that good at utilizing a strictly home defense weapon .
there is apparently a fitting out there that you can normal compressed air through and it will generate a vacuum . i ' ve been looking to purchase such a thing for a while now .
oh yes , long pork i think it ' s called .
yeah but no coach is gonna have his players go as hard for a game that is n ' t in their conference . he ca n ' t risk having his players get injured .
those falls at high speeds , from your steel horse by any chance ?
exactly . i ' m a huge fan of both , but they ' re such opposites that a forced comparison is unnecessary , even if their names are similar .
the real secret are the 3 total chests in the word wall room .
could you tell me about budget ? how much approximately will it cost including your activity and internet advert budgets for a month or a week ?
i have to agree . i love alan watts ' s voice just as it is .
i made a mumble server for us for a while , but it got no use , so i let it expire . we have steam so you could join the group and we might start using group chat again .
look pal , the only orange i get is in my tang !
i might be able to on thursday morning or saturday , unless you end up on at a different time that works out xd
he gave us our 1st playoff win since the 1988 world series with an amazing pitching performance .
true but that still leaves lots around to be found later .
bobo give good laugh . well done bobo !
i think he saying that even a normal person would be able to tell that this guy should n ' t be released
yes , i actually chuckled a bit . i also saw it as a kind of ' fuck you ' - i . e . you may have won the election but lets see how you get on without any money .
you can tell the latter folks are actors reacting to the writing .
god , i hate people who kiss their phones in public .
parents house . so they get to deal with it .
i hate it when i accidentally release a seaman before i mean to . scurvy dog should ' ve walked the plank with the rest of ' em !
no not at all , just no need to store the same data twice for long
that what we in ontario thought too , then we got an earthquake a couple years back
: o seriously . til we measure some of the most massive objects we know of in one of the smallest units we have in our arsenal .
sorry but there are so many wrong things in this comment . please do your research before posting this kind of bad advice .
game on .
opposable thumbs are over rated .
i ' d put my entire net worth on the fact that she has glute implants .
we call them railroad ties around in the us , just in case that went over anybody ' s head .
fuck , i have no idea . kinda like how that one dude does n ' t know how magnets work .
did anyone mention falco ? without weak dair his punish game on puff gets even worse in pal
that too . kathy was hands down the most popular survivor up to that point or maybe a close second to rudy but not by much . i forgot that that was another reason why i did n ' t like her .
heat . but i suppose in the life of a reptile that means sun !
solve it like a human solves it and it wo n ' t .
west system 2 part epoxy . the finish is applied in multiple coats at different concentrations , and hand rubbed .
i had a bit of that absorbent type material over my battery in case it moved , so it would n ' t short out . it moved , shorted out and set the insulation on fire .
it makes me weirdly sad . like if i had build it .
also , does n ' t harry have to keep returning to a blood relative ' s protection every year ?
i ' m in oklahoma ! so maybe similar weather but less desert - like
the risk of street violence and probability of your paycheck vanishing is significantly higher there , too . i ' d take any mls city over most other countries on the planet . including england .
dude , someone just posted me a wiki link saying it is a fucking fruit . i do n ' t even know anymore .
alcohol laws are odd !
no creases that i can see , should be nib entirely . i edited my first post with a link to an image of it that i took if that at all helps .
an opinion on ireland from belgium . fucking belgium ! who in ww2 were annihilated in 18 days . at least we fought back for 800 years haha
i floss with the hair after and always check the roots .
you do n ' t evolve from making a web to throwing though ? it just seems crazy .
i did n ' t say all illnesses have the same frequency of cures . i said they were well within the range of chance .
outplayed ? losing every single drop without doing any damage and still having the same supply ? that just shows how much better maru is .
no , one free boss rush item . i hate doing that , but that ' s probably the reason .
my parents said if i have sex to not bother coming home , so there ' s that .
they have enough luck for this attempt already . forth time the charm will prove itself .
soon wwe will just be safe moves that look like shit , they ' ll wonder why nobody ' s over and fans are n ' t watching . at least nobody will get hurt though .
i heard psychic beam is super effective vs ghost type .
no i do n ' t think it was . could n ' t really remember what it was back there . the scene you described sounds pretty familiar though .
what do you mean by that ? do you think this is weak satire ?
because i do n ' t want to live in a world where violence is met with violence . pretty simple really .
born in tx to mexican parents means he ' s a dual - citizen .
how often do you hear whistling that is not ear piercing ?
bingo . you ' re inviting all kinds of dirt and debris into the engine . bad idea .
wow ! that ' s impressive . i only know english . haha i learned spanish , but i ca n ' t remember it .
perhaps your abilities will flower over time .
in that case , my apologies
i ' m guessing it will be the most recent ones , but it would be so cool if they played the five that marlene told us to watch for clues !
i get angry when i do stupid things too . we ' re only human .
she ' s a little ripe , going to graft it onto the tree at home
i would definitely watch it , and it would be fun even if it is just the wax .
he ' ll get that support after he wins the nomination he has to prove he can run a national campaign first .
the dictatorship of the proletariat means worker total self management . you ' re not wrong .
i ' m with you , i go to a lot of red claws games and i ca n ' t imagine that crowd growing to fill the civic center let alone a full size nba stadium .
definitely the kind of thing that would be better suited to a bmx than a skateboard .
new redditor comment about how they have never seen this post before and do n ' t mind reposts goes here . commence downvoting above comment .
well i would love to read it when you ' re done !
i was listening while cleaning the kitchen and i swear to god i nearly broke a bunch of stuff during that segment , so hard did i laugh . what a great episode .
they actually save you . we only had two until last week and there were people cutting avocados with plastic knives because of how strict company policy is about having to wear a cut glove .
as an artist , i ' d be flattered and thrilled if another player thought to display my work . theft or no theft .
you need to post your steam to participate in this . thanks !
named for this moroccan port , it is also another name for the mandarin orange or something along those lines
while fairfield county is clearly expensive , if you ca n ' t save money on 60 - 80k you are living outside your means . source : a fairfield county resident .
you are talking like xpeke has been out of the scene for months froggen looked kinda meh at worlds , xpeke was a bit up and down but he still beat fucking dade twice , cool once and raped xwx
the book of mormon came close enough to that .
gunna check it out . did n ' t give his last album a chance because of everyone hating on him .
i have a punched conch , smaller than this 2 years old , looks about the same though . really clean hole .
yeah i go to tokyo next monday , i was very disappointed when i heard the news .
regular heroic scale miniature .
this is not true . colour only comes from how much they roast the malt ; it ' s unrelated to alcohol level or calories .
just out of curiosity , why phones in back pocket only ?
it ' s cool . my bro grew a third arm . he was never very popular with the ladies but man he could do more pull - ups than anyone i know .
yes , i do thankfully , or else my interest in cars would drive me to the brink of insanity . reason why is because i have nocturnal seizures , and im not exactly sleeping while i drive
in the future , this would the way to utilize fight pass .
only if you kill him with a fish .
the only time i will get a tool from them is if i need it just one time or i have to modify a tool to work .
and nobody is cooler in a hawaiian shirt than aaron barrett .
please read my post before replying .
cool , text me whenever you ' re done and i ' ll let you know what ' s up . a few of us are going to be out and about today , shoot me a text when you get out of work .
he should be banned for it and every user that does so . however his content about entirely different things like roster changes has nothing to do with this .
median , not mode .
zach : is that french ? i only know a bit of cantonese and german . no french .
slaw on the side , you heathen !
i was about to ask if you were high , but you might just be onto something - it ' s the one - note solo and the bass tone .
it ' s sand and sandstone . clay did n ' t work too well when i tried using it .
but that would have to be only if u bought a car in another state , right ?
uh . does making vodka out of potatoes count ?
as soon as the justice system becomes just , i ' ll support the penal system truly punishing .
if i added x to the offer with rosa and fe , would you do it ? really looking for rosa and fe .
if you could find the link , that would be great . will side loading it delete any of my data ?
oh yeah , he is my favorite judge right now . i wonder if he is going to take a long vacation after this is over .
also it would require burden of knowledge for the enemy team , as they have no indicator as to where he will end up after his ult .
yeah , i mean , all of his books are very bleak . he probably has such an insightful and negative outlook about the culture because he was a part of it .
great idea . thanks .
now i ' m curious - how do you make a living planting trees ? in the environmental field now but wanna - be - farmer checking in .
is it morally defensible though ? whats really different between french soldiers and english soldiers shooting at each other , and gang turf wars in south central ?
his rolls over his stat were fails , but the consequences of failing were n ' t very clear . like he failed one check and just stayed in the cave to keep swinging at the dead spider - creature .
ad hominem implies that the criticism is unrelated to the question at hand , but ok .
so return the car . what do you want to hear ? tell us , and we ' ll tell you .
i agree that it will be better in the long term , but i do enjoy having a game shop so close to me .
explain the unconditional love part , please .
and oz probably makes columbia a ton of money .
it almost seems as if we live inside their heads .
and it ' s chest fur makes it look like it ' s got a furry little hanging cat dick .
you are aware of the fact that the - armor does n ' t work when you have a mask of madness on , right ?
me too . i ' ve only ever jumped out of hot air balloons ; the thought of landing in a hot air balloon scares the shit out of me .
must drive sales .
according to the website , it ' s only for north england .
i thought the scenario was you getting rid of spidey for vision , so you ' d lose the bonus anyways ? at least keeping spidey you keep symbiote shock .
usually ; it ' s a lot tastier than your run - of - the - mill weed . also , the cops do n ' t usually recognize it immediately , so you can grow it out in the open and no one will be the wiser .
i ' ll always associate this song with gta san andreas .
thank you for the answer ! people seemed to like animation . it grabs the attention and it ' s fun ! do you think i overused it ?
preppy is a nice look imo but i ' m more into street . i dress preppy from time to time
just shut up and eat your french fries !
aos has shown that fury has a number of super - secret bases hidden around the world that were n ' t compromised by the leak . we ' ve seen two ; providence and the playground .
cnn was hoping for more shock and awe . unfortunately they ended up with some bland ass cyclical shit .
ok sounds great . i am interested in the test .
my sister used to try and scold my dad and i for speeding . i learned from him the only way to shut her up is to go even faster .
other life forms visit our solar system just to see how gay we are .
i think the jokes we miss are made up for by the extra jokes we get from watching a foreign culture be goofy , it ' s a strange phenomenon .
which song ? ive been listening to the rise and havent heard him shit - talk bino yet
the idea that someone has almost my entire body mass around their rib cage is utterly revolting .
hopefully he ' ll live and end up in prison . i ca n ' t imagine that it goes to well for cops in there .
if you had a stone tablet in your hands it ' s appears you would n ' t understand the significance or priceless piece of history you hold .
i know what you mean , but i think colbert will still bring his classic charm to anything he does . i look forward to him taking over the late show .
letting him post here is hilarious . he does an absolute disservice to the gun control movement , reinforcing the stereotype that anti gunners are both deeply stupid and horrendously bigoted .
fingertips can grow back if you do n ' t hit the bone . plus i ' d rather have one less fingertip versus potential nerve damage from more substantial parts .
been there . done that . the result is a change in workflow that makes it unlikely to happen again .
but it ' s not as simple as it could be . minimalism is only one route to elegance .
what about mitch from modern family ?
my bad . i misread their element . wind mons would definitely help you but fire has more top - tier summon potential .
could teach ya some kick - ass spells too .
basically , they were all members of the ship the sword , with parnell being the captain , and sunny the pilot . stuff happened , lemme give you a link to the story .
antenna is the word i was looking for . apparently my brain has a limited vocabulary today lol . thank you for your expert testimony ! lol .
i know right . also he will lay in the other house mates blankets .
she must have watched the land before time . those delicious looking tree stars . i was disappointed early in my life . then i discovered chocolate .
watch a lot of youtube videos of people doing it before going to work . also , can anybody else at your work do latte art ? you might just be working with a shit steam wand , pitcher , espresso .
not a reboot , just a re - imagining of the first game which is a very different thing .
i can confirm this is completely true , even as it may sound ridiculous .
tell me where the rebel base is or i ' ll destroy jerusalem .
they ' d seen what he can do though , and would know a hand gun wo n ' t cut it . unless you mean they think killing him as banner could work . but then why all the soldiers ?
nothing to do with that , at all . negotiating with the bbc vs giving a crap ton of money to clarkson , hammond and may to do whatever they want .
my situation to the letter . which is why i am encouraging people to post unique builds here . i ' m making my own for dc , i ' ve been asked quite a few times so far .
so you would n ' t introduce a new animal to walmart ?
uh oh . no one better tell my mom she does n ' t live in an upscale riding .
guy friend with crippling fatigue had a full body ct before anyone tested his thyroid . oy vey . that ' s what first aid would have wanted though .
oh , stop it ! i do not sound sexy at all !
there is no need to google wincest . it ' s winning and it ' s incest , therefore wincest , not incest .
could be that there was a manufacturing defect and the standoff holes are in the wrong place or were n ' t drilled correctly . give the case manufacturer a call and see what they think .
i already have a servo on every cell door . i have picture links for reference .
this is a party spokesperson , not any ordinary bjp member .
do you kind of i add this to the post ?
well , then you could run fast as hell . and if you were great at that maybe you ' d become a hawk or falcon or something .
not all rich people are suave as fuck , actually most of them have very little game because women will see e money and not care what they say .
so she was having an affair with her brother . ?
true , true . who ' d have ever thought that making jam with a vegetable would be so tasty ?
what ' s that got to do with anything ? it ' s set in a fantasy world .
if the only thing holding you back from being a dick to someone is that they might be able to get you back , you have a problem .
yeah , private schools often keep their legacy , but state schools do n ' t . i think there are merits to some of the practices , not so much for the more literal values though .
either way , congrats on the clear . i did n ' t clear endless corridors until a lot later than rank 135 .
you ' d still have to go back . secondly 14 months of being away from your family , and in a war zone is much more shittier then 5 years of nothing .
thank you ! as i said , i ' m just starting out , so i ' m sure the book will be different once i ' m finished with it .
and mike richards sucked so bad he got sent down to the monarchs for a month or so .
oh man . what ' s on ?
anthropomorphic means it is a non human object or entity that displays human characteristics edit : learned that in school not the internet
these were bottles . iirc there was a woman in the store who was hit by one and sued fort bend . prob also led to their demise .
ok do you have onboard video on your motherboard ? also what are your system specs including the psu wattage ?
it ' s only illegal to gamble real world currency . virtual game items are fair game even if they were bought with real money .
close enough for me .
it ' s so true . these teams play off each other a lot . always seems to be close like this .
no doubt , which is why i think he ' s a bit of a prick . but such is life , i doubt he ' s much bothered by my disdain .
to be fair america really does n ' t care about those things at all
black history month here in the states .
exactly . they would probably look at a corgi and the first thing they would do is try to establish dominance and out alpha the dog . the funny thing is that the dog would bite them .
not op but my best friends fave ship has always been the y - wing . he owns 4 , well 5 now with most wanted .
shit i have n ' t played since a kid but i ' ll take you up on it , wanna see what it ' s like now lol
did they fix this ? i started playing again and i ' ve been using this to fill my steam engines and the pool will empty after like 50 buckets .
the pain was gone , i did a 2 months break , after that in a few lessons i felt the pain again
since it is psychic power , distance means nothing , in a wider scope , time means nothing .
dissipate seems pretty sweet . would you run that alongside , or in place of dissolve ?
man , i wish camelot would make another golden sun . they should have kept going after the lost age and made a game for the ds .
nah , we do n ' t have enough depth imo . no one can beat uk when they ' re playing like this .
people are susceptible to social pressure . look at any weird social trend in the last 100 years . plenty of them have made no sense , but were purely informed by a very human need to conform .
we all know emacs is a great os , but you forgot to include a text editor .
ike and lucario are incredibly common in the uk . no idea about the rest of the world .
i hope people think i ' m doing something cool like this when i disappear for ages . i ' m usually just pooping .
oh shit mine too . reddit double date , let ' s do this .
suros is a monster ! love that gun , it ' s a pvp beast
rogue has always been the x man i would do . i ' ve wasted hours over the years thinking about how i could make that happen without dying .
frozen peas ? hell , my doctor prescribed me a bottle of happy pills to last me a week when i had mine .
get in the fast lane , grandma . the bingo game is ready to roll !
host , actually . i ' m a guy . but it ' s okay .
is sausage fingers the actual term people use for those puffy fingers fat people have ? me and my friends always just called them that in high school as a joke .
i would n ' t call it evasive . it ' s more the fact that it is more or less impossible to make a fair comparison , but if you want my personal opinion only then this is harder without doubt
i ' m in a glass cage of emotion
i smacked my iphone against my head once and it bent .
it was some sort of egg , sausage , and tomato - y sauce . it was delicious - especially with any of the various types of bread .
holy shit ! blast from the past !
the power to rise boners everywhere against evil !
just a point , by definition , you ca n ' t see evolution over the course of one human lifetime . that ' s just natural variation . evolution is multiple generations .
she ' s trying super hard to make it look like she has a butt . she ' s about to hyper extend those knees to make it look like she has a butt .
y , literally a shame to watch this brainless team . just wanted to see a good game
do you rely on the sole description given by the author ?
was n ' t really a comment about the quality of the set but how wizards was n ' t confident their ideas would n ' t be well received .
yep , once you figure out the rotation and the flow gameplay becomes super fun and rewarding .
fuck yourself . ohio is great !
that ' s a great self defense mechanism .
sometimes i ' ll leave it on and watch it . it seems to always have the same exact thing going on in each episode no matter how long it ' s been between watching .
i ' ve literally been craving salty iguana for months , and now i find out they have free iguana dip when we win ? oh my god .
bioware has a bunch of different teams working on different games . this new ip is n ' t going to interfere with me ' s development at all .
dude , cool it
they do not list 3rd party stuff though which is why i am asking for help just to help me narrow the search a bit . some times people just find things in their own searches
yep ; that way they can be rapidly deployed into iran to take up positions vacated by any invading army if necessary . how many men do i have in iran right now ?
i would say that any respectable scholar would say that .
oh , okay ! i feel like this shirt would fit into your wardrobe just fine then . i agree with what another poster said about pairing it with chelsea boots and a felt hat .
it ' s based on whichever is lower .
fair point , am drop does scale better , but i ' d still argue that absorb has a lot more utility .
lol , nice dude . the analysis was the only thing i felt weak on , mainly because i felt it lacked a lot of rhetoric .
what is the exact difference between p and j anyway ? and then what is the exact difference between intp and intj ?
do you have skype ? i can tell you more there . send you my skype id as pm
relativism is the weakest ethical position there is . error theory is defensible , but relativism really is n ' t . it comes close to being self - refuting .
steam keys are almost always locked to a country , but because the gog version of witcher 3 is drm free , it seems like online retailers are abusing this for their own gain .
right , tunnels will only be for roads , maybe pedestrian paths . but placing buildings underground , i do n ' t see that happening .
spleen is basically a big blood balloon . lots of bleeding .
this is the important question because if not one of you will have to drown for the other to live if you are ever in a drowning and only one boat situation .
would you prefer a beep instead .
really want to give him the shaft , eh ?
might be from the preparation ? i just ca n ' t stand sashimi squid and squid that ' s not been cleaned enough .
they wouldnt win a mma style match , but they would win a fight to the death .
there is no reason for the pins to have anything other than the slightest bit of lube on them .
idk man i used to have some of the best naps of my life in class in those lecture hall seats . then again my school may have just had good seats
yes . the tire size and inflation will have an effect on displayed speed . it would only be a few percent , but it could make a difference .
haha , you looked at its butt .
i doubt that applies retroactively . surely the majority of microsoft shops are still running a version under a closed - source license .
well in my experience you go to the hospital and they give you a some really good meds that just take away that pain . actually going through the whole process with all that pain would kill me .
all drugs manufactured by companies who ' s ceo ' s are part of the cabal
lol was incarnation getting camped in solo q by people trying to make him look bad for c9 ? if so that ' s hilarious .
hey they showed how they ' re moving away from burgers in the photos app on the blog so anything is subject to change
you should try blues to hear a real man ' s click .
i do n ' t often talk to people - this sub is militant from all political perspectives .
absolutely ! if you ' re on the capitol heights side , i ' m sure i ' ll hear you .
reputable breeders who treat their animals like they should and not keep them in cages all day , etc . google puppy mills and you ' ll get a good idea of why people were upset .
alone ? with your own car ?
zelda gives you a zelda rank 3 weapon from 1 - 5 stars . if you have the dlc all 3 dominion rods are unlocked from the start , while the rapier and baton need to be unlocked on the adventure map .
exactly . i feel like i ' m in some bizarro universe . i ' m actually getting downvotes for saying that third eye blind is n ' t emo .
yup , as far as we think we have come our deep fucked up side is as present as it ever was .
if you do n ' t call mors , the request option is n ' t in the interaction menu ?
carthage is my home town . great town . edit : no restaurants nearby . carthage is a great town for a family .
right ? that was a great album . people are just shitting all over it here .
shoes are suede , thought it was a nice touch
only you know your keys dude . it ' ll come to you .
you can in the form of silverware . it ' s really ducking expensive though
yeah i know he did . he ' s such a good artist i just ca n ' t stand what he makes .
it ' s not super common , but it ' s one of the most effective weapons for a poison build since the lance charge will usually proc opponents immediately
i disagree . it seemed that most of his misses were very close , just missing or hitting the post . i think those misses seemed much worse since those opportunities were few and far between .
that ' s the flesh of christ . we ca n ' t all be fortunate enough to eat the silky smooth patches .
i ' m definitely ok with that , but it ' ll be more for rest than trying to get a matchup . the cavs matchup great with any of the teams fighting for the last few spots
really hope denial beat nv , i love every player on that team and clay vs nv with no booths should be entertaining
because it ' s the photo for the year . all going well , they will be driving the rest of the season .
then that is n ' t a joke , its an anecdote .
could you give your email address ?
you ' re not sure of the color ?
i ' ve heard the hd collection should be avoided at all costs because it ' s a buggy piece of shit .
awesome to see it running with no assistance or insurance loco in behind . excited to chase this one down next weekend along the b - line !
especially when it was her own handbag , because in the video you see it was her handbag .
america , but it ' s a saab .
yeah i do n ' t really see the need to buy one , the people who make the online ones probably have the bought ones tbh
so all those other planets did n ' t have god ' s plan fulfilled , because they did n ' t have anybody willing to do the dirty work ?
i knew smoking was cool !
i just gave up on the capra demon . it takes too long to get there when you die . and i died a lot .
good point . and samus is in a pressurized , climate - controlled suit of powered armor . you ca n ' t suck the air out of her lungs , really .
how was the head ?
do n ' t ride on the weekend .
they just did n ' t have enough genetic luck .
kenya figure it out ? god i ' ve used that joke way too much .
i ' m not in this stupid argument but i popped up to say what you just said is the stupidest thing i ' ve seen whole week .
interesting . i would love to read the article !
i absolutely died when i read this haha . maybe i ' m just too drunk , but damn that was funny .
no truth in that - harper said so
red - eyes flare metal dragon is rank 7 . e : originally he said it was level 8
i would have a lot of trouble with the number being at 7 . 5 or 8 but this seems way low
however incinerate and ic both getting hit pretty hard in awakening .
the art is mind blowing . the story is also good , but i ' m mostly reading for the art haha
til media does n ' t vote on the mvp . if you want to insult me , get your facts straight first . you called curry a product of sensationalism , which could n ' t be further from true .
my bad , and that ' s shameful since i rock out a couple kilts . edinburgh ' s still my favourite city to tie one on in .
while that ' s true , he still knows how the meta is going , and what teams are doing . he can watch other pro matches just like you or i can .
lol , not sure i would put him out .
i feel that way now . i suppose i was n ' t mature enough as a teenager to appreciate beauty the way i do now .
so they figured out how to use ropes and knots to measure a nautical mile per hour ?
yep . you drew attention to how fucked up the gaming community is . congrats ?
what argument did i lose ? i ' m yet to see it happen .
i ' m a girl btw
too bad ! i ' ll be in tokyo starting around then . i ' m in that area right now .
og and denial have looked like the 2 best hp teams so far . denial played really well in the hp vs good slaying players in nv .
although i do n ' t agree with your earlier comment about brown people , this second point is extremely important and way too overlooked in our current political climate .
been to china , in beijing and shanghai . great wall is spectacular on spring
no justice system on earth is just . deal with reality
just because you play videogames you do n ' t belong to the bodybuilding group ? i am sure each person in your bb circle has a hobby none of the others share .
it does not drop on normal mode .
stop teasing me with this amazing story .
nope , just nine slightly dirty students with backpacks full of sleeping bags and spare clothes .
racism is bad everywhere . just because it happens to white people as well , does n ' t mean you ca n ' t be sad when it happens to black children as well . it ' s just sad everywhere mate .
i was wrong . i just checked and there is nothing on the 50 yard line and each end of the field looks different . i do n ' t know why the clip looks so fake but it ' s real .
depending on the washer and hand washing style i would agree . my perspective was just to point out that its five times less than the op
it ' s hard to tell without a picture . sounds possibly like a mineral build up on the pot . is it a clay pot ? if the mold is n ' t on the top of the soil then any water should be fine to use .
can you stop cussing so much ? it makes reading your comments a nauseating chore .
and why do you think michael is an alien ?
and it can take a laser sight , which is always a blessing . i ' ve just been feeling very western lately because of the dlc , and decided a revolver might be in order .
there is a whole subreddit dedicated to the lack of jean washing . apparently they are n ' t meant to be washed often , if at all according to the sub .
snatch steal is a staple ? is there a strategy to go with that card or what ?
pretty much . same media people would probably try and make excuses or rationalize stupid shenanigans nrl or afl players pull regularly .
maybe to minimize viewership ? idk what the producers are thinking . they crazy people .
well we have at least one year of manning left . he is n ' t leaving . i think he would have announced it by now .
actually there are a couple people smarter . mr . terrific make them both look pretty dumb .
the worst part is we ' re not even trying . edmonton ' s just that bad . buffalo has to fire sale to keep up with us .
i was like how is this guy breaking news ?
i have that problem too . also im a shit singer , so i guess it doesnt really matter .
do n ' t know that i ' m quite that desperate . check - in in a week , you might see me on the news when they cart me off .
you should have insurance in general . it ' s not terribly expensive and protects your investment !
hell i had a slider phone years ago that had infrared lights for the camera . thing had decent night vision . if only they would implement something like that again .
regardless of the guys motive it was still someone portraying a religious figure in a negative way and that ' s just one example of many .
you ' re confusing cultural relativism and moral relativism . cultural relativism makes perfect sense and is totally fine , moral relativism is not .
you could do that with the small nips bottles too , could n ' t you ?
on the other hand , heart disease could clearly be avoided with heart removal .
maybe it ' s a girl and on the other side the roaches are going in .
yup ! went there with my wife one year . the movie does n ' t do it justice for how steep that thing is .
this would go under line 7 of schedule a for personal property taxes .
i also just picked up a batman vs robin steel , i do n ' t have a picture but i ' ll send you one when i get home if you like , it ' s the target exclusive .
should work . do n ' t shake it up and leave it uncovered as sorry as possible . as long as you are careful all is ok . a beer thief is nice
did n ' t he finish the game in which that happened ?
yeah but that also gives you war exhaustion and aggressive expansion does n ' t it ?
really ? got any cool links ? that ' s awesome .
yeah , man , i hope they ' re loose too .
i made the assumption of software raid since an os and fs change fixed it .
as someone who suffers from dry skin i really appreciate this . i ' ll be sure to bring plenty of hand moisturizer .
support morph , yes . where have you been the last two months ? it ' s in every game in very high skill .
you will need it if you fly with them , shitty airline .
blues traveler was my study companion while in the library . my friend had a cordless phone that almost reached all the way across campus . he was a god .
how about ara smartwatch ? ok , maybe im thinking too far here
if the circumcision was not done properly it might help . otherwise , yeah , i ' m not so sure it would be worth the cost .
nice i ' ll have to watch it sometime
so when i saw one in the middle of the road , it was a bad idea to pick it up ?
i hear that burns are terrible , hopefully you ' ll feel better in the next few days .
but you dont have any superpower !
so make dexter an actual serial killer that goes after anyone and not just bad people ?
will do ! thank you kind internet stranger .
yeah , but that does n ' t stop you from not upgrading from the current state of affairs .
intriguing prospect of negan being a survivor of childhood abuse .
yeah , 7
it ' s evil shit ! be a woman and you can never get off of the thing . a man gets on there ? you barely need to ask and you are off .
devon is good but he ' s average . he was already exposed in the bradley fight when he pretty much quit after he could n ' t handle tim . devon is solid but not impressive .
what . all you have to do is go into programs and features and uninstall it . i ' ve never had an issue removing it from a machine the few times i ' ve needed to .
you can compensate though by making sure he ' s lightweight and rich
a rube goldberg machine would imply some sort of effort and cleverness .
that and making buildings stronger and easier to maintain .
yup , i sure did ! as well as marshmallows , peanut brittle , fudge , etc . the secret in most cases is butter or coco butter .
that ' s pretty interesting . i ' m guessing the person who gave him the trees to plant kept track ?
just like how women watch men take off their shirts one - handed in this super fluid motion . it ' s like magic . we ca n ' t do that . tits get in the way .
yeah , well making a post to just shit on anyone really is n ' t an admirable thing to do .
i ' ve never had rhubarb outside of a pie , but if you ' ve never had rhubarb pie you ' re missing out .
dude fuck yeah . : d what ' s your major ?
yep . gotta work out those fingers to keep a death grasp on the last cakes in the store .
i guess i ' m the dick for want my child to have a decent life and wondering why none of my plans for that better life work out . but wondering why the evil receive good for their efforts .
i ' ll take a double ! now let ' s do something with it !
you do n ' t drink the bleach . you just rub your hands with it . unless you ' re black , then this is trying to become white and internalized racism .
i do n ' t think a nine year old should be allowed to browse reddit .
the blue note is a blues bar . i ' ve never been there myself , but i hear it is good .
yes , a picture of a galaxy in the hubble field and a picture of the milky way for comparison to see if they really are so similar .
never mind then . i stopped following the ohl after connor brown left .
regardless , i ' d still approach it like a little girl .
i do n ' t think i ever said people should be punished more for being black .
osaka is an awesome city .
are their ide ' s for java by any chance ?
ah , okay then . i know nothing about uk cultures and tradition . definitely want to visit england though some day .
they do n ' t stop putting it on my doorknob and i do n ' t know how to make them stop . i have like 6 on my floor behind the door from this semester only .
it ' s a matter of two different kinds of bacteria .
butcher ' s code : brown note
or rather , describing the state of nature humans existed in prior to society .
feels fucking great . i ' m cut .
a type of hawk known to eat small mammals .
sure it ' s equity , but i think op is n ' t looking for all that hassle and time spent buying a house . and never forget that rent is n ' t money thrown away , it is n ' t free to live !
it worked quite well in england , and trust me , that was no kid ' s show either .
i suppose not . my point is just that if you go by our current advancement , the end of the universe might not be the end of everything .
i suppose ! it ' s not that great . i ' ve only seen the movie . maybe i should check out the book .
mate what happened to trying to get rid of this redpill shit from your life ?
i ca n ' t wait to drive a gun snake .
see : moore ' s law .
what character do you enjoy the most ?
noooo no no no that made me hurt just thinking about it , ouch
actually hezbollah formed under israel ' s cruel military occupation of southern lebanon . but feel free to deliberately lie for political purposes , israel usually does that anyway .
in that case finger crossed you get a dark golem : d
i know that in israel every highway becomes a possible runway in emergencies .
we sunk iranian navy back in the 80s , looks like they forgot .
they all graduated with a degree in hospitality business , we know it .
maybe they are just tired of the blatantly racist shit that comes from some redditors ?
christianity has been around that long ?
a thriller can still be a blockbuster . thriller refers to genre , blockbuster refers more to budget and size
lmfao nah my nigga . everyones package did n ' t get lost in the mail . he just did n ' t send them .
a sufficiently large number of independent random variables will always tends to be normally distributed ?
that ' s a better way of putting it . i ' m also amused that i somehow unintentionally caused a woman to stick a finger in her vagina .
new 52 captain atom is that and more . heroes are going crazy op these days .
it seems like a better reason to celebrate than some fat guy in a red suit cramming his ass down a chimney , but that ' s just my opinion .
god damn venice , stop killing byzantium again and again you sick bastard .
he meant we ' re living in their shade and we ' re breathing their oxygen .
i found it quite enjoyable . no game breaking glitches , no errant graphical errors .
sorry , for some reason that irked me a bit and i had to point it out .
you can buy imitation extract for half the price at your local grocery store . my wife has some and she makes cakes and shit , so i know .
no , do n ' t be a dick to someone else .
right in plain view of the whole ghetto ?
to be fair , if i heard it , i would n ' t know how to spell it so i would n ' t be able to google it .
due to the narrow urethra , i ' m guessing a baby sized microscope
dude , i do n ' t know what to say you lack common sense the players are in another floor , with headphones , communicating
and for less than half the price , wow !
god , he ' s turning a fucking tv off , and you act like he just shot someone . get over it .
really ? i see blue and brown .
another reason to push 3 stock again .
do you have a key - bar ? i do . a blade edge could definitely touch metal . you ' d have to set it up with washers to prevent it .
i have n ' t played an actual game in like 1 . 5 years . are you getting lotv ?
i think my mom would give me a lengthy discussion about how she would accept me if i was gay , which is ultimately really awkward ! i know because it ' s happened before .
maybe with your toxic max vg blends . max pg everyday and become invulnerable to strep .
hiya , i ' m working on your poster now , and was wondering exactly what sort of color you ' d like , since the spells change in color ?
it ' s his house too , ya muppet .
i think it ' s about time i get this guitar setup , i ' ll have someone install a nut for me . thanks for the info !
north of austin . it ' s pink . not solid but plenty of it all around . guess i figured it was like enchanted rock off the hardness and color .
weird question : have you ever tasted yourself ? i was once with a girl who smelled amazing , but tasted awful .
are there even any muslims in poland ? the poles themselves leave so why would anybody come to poland ?
i build this much hp only on nautilus , because his shield becomes near unbreakable at that point
they have n ' t hit me with those yet but i ' m sure if i stick around long enough it will happen .
that ' s the beauty of this show . all the subtle character development throughout the years .
he was showing up the third base ump for calling a check swing . the home plate ump told him to stop and he did n ' t , so the home plate ump tossed him .
it ' s way more if you buy it in a store , way less if you bought it from the farmer
jon , but yes .
the cheesy , sensationalist graphics on 7 annoy me so much . i want news , not rotating and flashing overhyped headlines .
the most capable lisp editor .
thanks ! it ' s not something i would have picked for myself , but it was a gift and i ' m glad it looks nice on me ! definitely happy with it .
real coke and real havana club . just like you could in all but two countries in the world already .
i ' ll try the king st coles if i have the chance , thanks .
your stealing ass sure gets slowed down when you can now not apply to any job that requires two hands . he ' s going straight from now on , i tell ya !
there were around four pretty major twists in unity , and some characters introduced at the beginning of the game do n ' t have their stories fleshed out until the end .
this makes me sad every time i hear it . i love oreos and then i remember i ' m supporting a company who stole the idea .
i ca n ' t not think of that episode whenever yemen is mentioned in the news or conversation .
i mean that stuff is basically just sugar and water . they pay way more for the cup than anything else . i do n ' t think they care .
yeah , they ' re really good but they ' re eu
no it does n ' t . any two people can just sign the paperwork with no clergy involved and get a common law marriage . if the want a ceremony the can do whatever they want
what part of wisconsin ? i too know but one person trying to make a name for himself as a doc main .
yeah buddy ! : d .
it ' s just how most of us guys like yuri .
with preamp in place i tried the cd and the tape input and i did n ' t get any sound
i can agree on this . yuki was a little bitch for most of the series .
being a 13 - year old father can be tiring , ca n ' t blame him for drinking .
a man walks down the street in that hat , people know he ' s not afraid of anything .
id take unibrow playing center over dwight and the other 2 are way ahead of him , its really no contest .
the amount of thought that went into an idea is completely irrelevant to my point .
he did what everybody does ever . had no business breaking up a potential fight ? good lord , man .
that is also a great idea , thanks !
phew , semi good shit man . glad it went better than it could ' ve : d
that ' s quite possible . because yes , i did attend ithaca college .
by op specter key i mean they are technically banned , since anyone can get in to anyone ' s dimension .
no problem ! start with a small bit , cuz it ' s easy to fuck up and you do n ' t want to burn it and get pissed cuz you just wasted . 15 lol .
suicide ganking can be almost fully avoided by not hauling literally billions isk worth of shit in one go and running with a decent tank .
totally agree . i think i appreciate learning far more than most of the younger students . i feel as though i missed out on the social experience of being a younger student .
if they just sold them for this price all the time they would crush the market .
is flemish a regional dialect ? i ' m just wondering what the language breakdown in belgium is .
does n ' t really look hot anyway , eggs cook quick as
we do n ' t often phone , and normally it ' s after one of us has asked and the other has agreed so we know it ' s a good time to call . but heck , he ' s being an ass i might just call him tonight
yeah he rarely rides a beat like you ' d expect somebody to ride it
makes sense , good answer . thanks .
could n ' t find any other art i liked , so i went with fan art of a show
deal . mule or are you around ?
i saved the album , gonna listen to it properly later on . will probably grow on me more . also i now have to re - listen to dirt again xd i missed it .
what kind of car do you drive ? whose your president ? nobody knows or cares you insignificant cunt .
i will take your advice and try it . are you from texas or have the yanks taken our beer ?
i actually kind of enjoy the trop . would maybe suck to watch a lot of games there but once in a while on vacation it ' s pretty decent .
it will take a week or so for the lp reward to go up . based on how many people do the missions and other ccp magic . i ' m guessing it will end up similar to the other burner missions .
i ' ve never seen her with brown hair .
no idea . it ' s part of an online comic distribution but it is also getting a physical release via amazon . jp
i just looked up the elephant pants ! i dunno ; they look like they ' d make great pajamas .
i ' ve been playing this deck for months , yet to get majordomo since he came out .
did n ' t he turn down arsenal because wenger wanted to play him there ?
dash is best as crew for a b wing with advanced sensors . do actions , land on rock shoot and laugh .
straight and thin hair ? that was mine before i started shaving it all off , and no way in holy hell would it do that . a single knot was extremely rare .
malnutrition is pretty typical in low income households . a black child born today has a high likelihood of being born into poverty , in the seventies it would have been almost a sure thing .
i ' m pretty sure general william fucking sherman notified the state of georgia .
true and good advice here mate .
part 9 was arguably the weakest one in the series .
does beating us again save his job as long as the wheels do n ' t fall off again ?
or just plain , normal guys who just do n ' t want to start a family . especially given the cost of raising children nowadays , jeez .
he ' s still in special care at the moment but i ' m just looking forward to taking him home .
damn . that ' s even cooler . language is the key to understanding .
i know a cheap hitman , he only costs about tree - fiddy .
what the heck that sounds like some messed up gym .
will this work the same with a crispy chicken quesadilla ?
which op would have known if he read the comments in the original post .
i mean you can always lick it , if it ' s super bitter and metallic tasting then it ' s not lsd .
he will not see a job of any significance for a really long time . he might as well start his own podcast .
how about add all those things on a banana donut ?
i will fight against the skirt suit rule until the day i day . it ' s an unnecessary gender norm and also pencil skirts look like crap on me .
yeah , but n . american countries were involved in wwi .
i saw they ' re going down in price , guess the laser aspect is n ' t too wanted .
no . do not get involved in crazy . that is literally one of the worst things you can do to yourself . get involved in wild all you want . crazy is different .
remember when the us almost started a nuclear war because their highly calibrated instruments thought the sun over greenland was an icbm ?
right on , thanks . i wonder if the blood test can detect if the person took any pills or other drugs , or if it only focuses on alcohol .
hey i would like that too ! i have a show tomorrow yay !
my bad . using certain types of punctuation has never been a strong suit .
insurance policies cover more though , in particular damage caused by the user .
i ' ll keep that in mind when i sue some muslim bakers for not baking me a cake with a picture of mohammed on it .
oh hahaha that ' s funny . op had the logos lined up with the valve stems though !
people value their free time differently . i took a closer job for less pay so i could shave 30 minutes off my commute .
it ' s not what colour they chose , it ' s why they chose to change it whatsoever
it was beer shit . i am fairly certain that to this day that next morning may have been the worst day of his life .
all i know alex ' s wife is a jew , is that not his wife or ?
orange is alright , lemon or lime is too much .
on the internet nobody knows you ' re an ant
no idea what you ' re talking about .
no , just a rectangular channel . we used a flow meter . it ' s really just a simple lab that we got some clarification for . i appreciate your help .
yeah fuck , pushing down on a guys neck like that with your stick should get you ejected . that is a pretty fucked up thing to do .
hash oil with butane as the solvent , and it ' s a nice first run for sure
st . nicholas abbey 15 is amazing . what ' s the other abbey rum that you have ? i spy a second bottle at the back .
brb , going to home depot
al ' s italian beef in addison has pizza ?
testing paint on the plastic framing is always a great idea to see how it will turn out .
second this . once you build up the immunity you ' ll be fine , the first years teaching are very ill ones .
glad someone said it . this post is absolutely terrible .
gotta love how jerry tried to continue his feud with maggle when he got back to commentating . king : like how you hate me . maggle : i do n ' t hate you .
are you unaware of the colloquial use of psychopath or are you just being a finicky prick ?
well , damn . now i feel bad .
i like kate , its simple and classic .
they told us she had a very bad case of fleas . i mean it was also the dead of winter in new england so who knows if the cold made it worse or something .
does that look like spit to you ? ahh , fuck it .
on the other end of he couch , koemi ' s head resides . eyes watch your hand as it moves about .
i love it , but we have enough other boy names that my husband has already approved that i do n ' t need to run it by him . plus the whole zach thing . lol
if i hear someone scream that , i have a detailed plan . 1 . flee
maybe you ' re just not as good at sarcasm as you think .
do you think press or fly would help more ?
funny how their compassion only falls on the side of white men , even when they ' re pedophiles , nazis , or rapists .
i ' m sure any herb is far more expensive than filet
do you understand you just made this sub shittier by posting your useless idea and clogging it up ? this is n ' t a glitch ? or anything of value ? mods should delete this spam .
ya i meant there ' s no reason to replace squats with leg press . as an accessory it ' s fine .
i would if i was rich as fuck .
rome , game of thrones
gavin is love , gavin is life
that is not a confession . i remember being back in uni , age 19 , and a bunch of us went down to purchase it at release .
cause its the nfl hes a pro , yet makes hs mistakes .
it ' s just proof that tweaks can permanently kill your device . he even tells you not to install it .
because not every place that has a winter season can afford double pane or better .
because if you write it all down and get it wrong , the teacher can see exactly what you did wrong and where .
to be fair , that guy did have it coming .
you should come to taiwan . its even better here .
the new one is pepperoni and cheese . it is a mini pizza . hopefully our test market goes wide so you all can have it , too !
and one of the hallways you can open after you get the key from the first boss is also completely dark .
it is , most teams would use it likely for extra guys in high injury positions
what do n ' t you understand ?
feel ha man . worked real hard and only got rank 15k
oof , that is not something i thought of . thank you !
devon is a good fighter but he lost comfortably against porter . khan looked great vs alexander but it ' s not exactly a marquee win in my opinion .
i watched without audio , was certain this was a music video !
from the description in the article , i get the feeling this abuse has been going on for some time . definitely not age - appropriate friendship , especially them spending so much time together .
nice car collection though : 0
yeah i think so too . lucky on the failed pass and didnt even see that other guy
yes , but it makes it difficult to sell the game if it ' s available for free on github . you can , however , make the game engine free but sell the content .
alright , then try to beat my record . 20 hours straight of fo3
try it in corn with salt and butter .
oh my lord i really hope comes in for some casting !
it ' d be random because if it was n ' t people could click on the link just so that the rotator would rotate to the next url .
big red , standing by .
yup , received my copy yesterday . content looks good but the print quality is appalling !
thanks ! was n ' t really trying to be honestly ! haha . it ' s just i ' ve always had love handles so i ' m happy i ' m getting that little line sort of
awesome ! i have n ' t met him yet .
sidney counter omega ruby sidney loss : 27 wins 0 . emerald lost 98 wins 5 omega ruby hard mode e4 no info found .
a land octopus ? fuck that .
i ' ll check it out tomorrow ; if i encounter any problems do you mind if i shoot you a pm man ?
this . works most of the time for me . bounty hunter in this patch just isnt a right clicker .
orange cosmos , black lilies , pink cosmos . one 4 leaf clover make an offer bell wise .
that ' s why i fucking love satan .
respect your opinion but that ' s fucking debatable .
nobody said it , but happy birthday !
we will put justin peters in and have our guys stay on the bench . goalie vs goalie .
there used to be a tax here at one point on the number of windows on your house .
he could maybe do a pencil thin hula hoop kinda barrier . a ring at chest height , real short , would conserve a lot of area .
cool . fork the repo on github to your own account and if you make any useful changes i ' ll include them .
the mass - bounce guy is also pretty sweet .
how would you make her look more sound oriented ?
then i am going to consider this the 2nd time that a flaw in the new system has been exploited . a serious issue , since valve are promoting this as super secure .
yeah went in expecting that actually , left a little disappointed
hahah , of course i ' ve listened to that dude . pretty obscure
the gre is basically the same as the sat test , but it ' s given to students who are applying to graduate school instead of students applying to college .
good idea , go ahead .
i thought it was so much fun to read . it ' s a fairy tale wrapped in a mystery wrapped in a tender moment .
and how do you know which state the car is from then ?
that ' s okay , the bride ' s brother has a jousting injury and he ' s riding too . it ' ll be a joust full of the injured .
jo just looks lost out there without someone to tell him when to grab that shit .
that sounds cool . do n ' t plan on spending too much time at hs during the weekend but want to go for a few hours before hopping elsewhere
thanks bill bye the science guy .
it turned out wonderful actually . cooked for 6 and a half hours on low and it came out very tender and juicy .
kathy would wheel the dead corpse of her mother on stage if it sold her some tickets .
i ' ve seen him work in person . he has a gift for cigars .
well said , about trust . has she done anything to make you suspect there is anything but innocent intentions on her part ?
i still find her face extremely attractive though .
because the difference between a decoy and a player is easy to hear . also the big ass dot on the radar kinda gives it away . the only thing i sometimes use it for is a fake flash : p
robbery is stealing . abortion is cleaning the house you own . try again .
looking at getting the navy chino suit . the stone color looks a little too white , i do n ' t want to look like pitbull . i wish the khaki one was a little lighter and less camel
meanwhile napoleon gets left out again . he ' s been on the sidelines for over a year in my games for some reason .
i might very well buy these as a birthday present to myself but that ' s at the end of the month . if nobody takes it by then , i ' ll take them off your hands !
i have some friends that regularly do the stairs at the us bank building downtown . couple times a week , at least for the last year or so , so i ' m sure it ' s all good there .
i listened to some before switching to metalcore . what ' s wrong with deathcore ?
did you sing it to your puppy ?
that map is awful for zerg , and mech is currently broken without swarm hosts . i do n ' t really count life ' s loss . but he is amazing none the less !
i used to get alot of nosebleeds , so its just medicine for that
but kids could be using it to get high !
i have tennis and bug hunt and the light gun for bug hunt .
yep , that boy ai n ' t right .
i probably will when i get home honestly . i ' ve been trying to work on it but i would love a little more professional input .
how else are we supposed to determine the highest floor that you can drop dinosaur eggs from without breaking them ? it ' s like you do n ' t even care about scientific inquiry .
how about putting the coa in a white field then ? several kingdoms have done it before .
would n ' t that make them a seperate species then ?
it ' s not ground . it ' s cut up by hand , at least i had to when i made it .
that ' s what we used to do as kids . my parents stopped buying them bc they knew we ' d do that and end up losing them .
it would stay the same as the i vector is defined with sign of particle in mind . so the rule remains the same , but the sign of the numbers you plug into it would be inverted .
hilarious . i ' ve used this method to remove surface rust from ground surfaces , even . any rust removal process can damage an item if not used correctly . back to internet court with you !
it also depends on how it was driven . if it was driven in the northeast , with our roads , it probably has a lot of rattle . if it were driven in the midwest , it ' s probably silent .
this was my answer , too . great book and the narration really brought life to the characters and the story .
ah , i play folk and i ' ve been looking for a female vocalist to partner up with . although i ' m not in wa so that does n ' t matter
i think you ' re right . if we ever get a chance i ' ll buy you a bacon cheese burger .
try kicking a big wood door from behind and see if you can pull out 3 inch screws from the towel rack . i checked every room and they where all fast asleep .
i ' d certainly love if we could get him one . he definitely is a hard working dedicated guy . must be weird to see him in a red sweater for you guys i reckon .
i know , i know . i should have part 6 up by tonight .
yeah , arduino ground to battery ground should be fine
yes . bird law is not governed by reason .
ok , so i should post my stuff with dnf on it ?
yup a major and well respected foreign university that does n ' t require a gre for the program . it was pretty nice .
i ' m okay with the media making us look bad if that means less people want to move here . more paradise for me .
i thought for the longest time that we could n ' t have basements in houston because of the water ?
like the idea but i ' m actually thinking of doing up some designs for shirts on my computer . i think itd be awesome to have a cool clothing line .
pagan means peasant , just saying .
yeah , i know , and im not getting angry at the ttr team because they put such quality in their work , im just saying that at times they can be slower than they need to .
how am i supposed to practice stabbing outside if my ps4 and computer are inside ? i really dont want to run wires and take my tv outside . there ' s no air conditioning out there .
shallow water , was not your kayak , was not your lake , or you ' re just special .
no i know man , i was just criticizing op for including that part in the title of the post
the slug looking things are some kind of flower petal from a tree above , the black pellets are caterpillar shit
and tell byron not to play lin .
not at the centre of the multiverse . the multiverse did n ' t exist .
is rock bottom golf going to be there ? i hear they are the best .
my friend is maltese , she says it is garbage covered and full of flies , i have only seen pics on the internet and think it would be a beautiful country .
it ' s so true . tdb exotics are not that great .
active mods . i love it !
that ' s not on sabo . it was 10 feet in front of him .
i love this community . thanks for the heads up
wait but seriously provide any remote evidence for what you said , or alternatively explain how it is relevant even if it was true .
i love canadians . i would totally live there if it was n ' t so damn cold in the winter ! i ' m a californian who ca n ' t handle anything under 70 degrees .
still , that can be a game changer .
well , at least your skill will be in great demand in future .
tbh , it would be a bit noisy for a kitchen .
you ca n ' t dye a black cap .
that ' s what i would assume . sure the coach probably gives a little bit of input , but in reality i would trust this subreddit ' s top 25 any day over the coaches poll .
it was definitely attached to the main root . does that matter ?
but france and russia ?
so is there specific foods , drinks or other things such as sleeping positions or routines that involve a lot of melatonin ? would n ' t these put you to sleep easier ?
would require image to text of some type , and it would take quite a bit of money depending on the amount of chats you parse at once .
i know it ' s all promotional . i would n ' t be surprised if that can was there just for the picture and then it was replaced with water or tea .
and now with him dating the daughter of a corrupt chinese official it all comes full circle .
i , uhh , hmm , well then . i ' m guessing there was about a mile gap between the smartest person you ever met , and the second smartest person you ever met .
seems like ed really likes the color yellow .
stfu trash , you ca n ' t take the real zombie simulation . just go play lego land unlimited . suit your pussy ass kind .
fuck a bitch to pass the time ?
are they really only for animals ? i hear female and male used to describe people a lot , especially in the media
you could say whoever developed it had a mental misstep . i ' ll see myself out .
how do you learn the languages ?
they might not make you happy but he seems pretty content .
i have no experience with them . i do n ' t think there is a big difference in quality in this price range . i ' d go with some amber lenses .
you might get sky scurvy .
they do . super dope . like snoop dogg smoked you up dope
and this subreddit complains that face hunter is 0 skill .
what i mean is what if they could end winter itself ? that ' s the main idea of the summer that never ends , if it is true , it has to start some time right ?
i have not thought of these in forever , and now i want to put myself through the torture of the star road levels again .
and the avengers and batman movies are all doing quite well .
i think you ' d make a lot of men sad with that choice . as long as the rest of my keeps looking good , we ' ll be in business .
to late , i got the 26 dollar pack since i had the extra money , but i like it , i think they needed more heroes for it , but since slark is favorite hero in satisfied .
if you believe you have an intelligent reason for believing in gods , kindly present it .
yes , for real . roosters are male chickens , hens are female chickens .
it ' s called planned obsolescence . we engineer things to last for a certain period of time . i can assure you this was done on purpose .
all your money , your hard earned pay , it do n ' t mean shit , babe , at the end of the day .
insanity . all day ! okay , i ' ll be honest i have the speakeasy , but have n ' t really used it much . i will have to give it a shot .
i think that is a lot to ask of an all - powerful god who created the entire universe .
the rocks got thrown fast enough to tag korra who is fat enough to shield herself from an explosion less than a meter away , so cass gets smashed
well , how else would we know he ' s so free he ' s using free software on a free os ?
yeah , how does he not see that ?
the guide gun is sweet , but i liked the big loop and the extra capacity that comes with it
joke ' s on him though , that shit is delicious .
yep , and he has very few telepathy feats . the idea that mmh could just win with telepathy is kind of ridiculous to me .
i grew up in sa so i ' ve always been a spurs fan !
i loved the vehicle sandbox in reach . for now its the pinnacle of the halo vehicle sand box , the mixture of physics , fun and practical use was awesome .
i need to do this , but there are so many books . i guess i should just jump in with one of those deluxe editions .
okay , but why can they not verify who i am with a direct deposit form , the td version of an over the counter cheque , or a line of credit cheque with my name on it from the same institution ?
i ' ve heard gj has gotten a lot better , as far as the music scene goes . that ' s according to cousins , though , as i have n ' t actually been to a show there .
this will probably be the last time i back him . unless he gets 3rd down looks or more play time , i do n ' t think he ' ll finish the season on the seahawks sideline .
pics . i do n ' t know what a skid or a blower is .
yeah , but then again there are so many husbands in their 50 ' s that come in with their wives that have no idea how to do laundry . seriously , people ?
cindy ' s mom ' s clam jamming game is on fucking point .
whether you think it wo n ' t be necessary or not ; it ' s actually a very smart move . i ' m sure people would be interested in trying out gr ' s with a somewhat different comp .
i just want to play gundam vs . gundam but all of the machines are taken and if i do get to play i ' ll just get smashed . t . t
that ' s what whiskey and hard living will do to a man : p
just what i was thinking . besides a great song behind it , i thought one of the coolest things was seeing that back light , really thought of star wars race scenes .
i ' m in europe , so we just might swing it . you lot park on a boat for a bit , we ' ll wait on the other side .
watched the video . it does n ' t prove anything .
its ok man , jeff wishes this on people every single night before he goes to sleep in his dungeon
pulley system ! i ' m guessing .
physical symptoms of disgust . ever notice the same thing happening before you ' re about to throw up ?
nah its getting destroyed . im going to have it rendered safe and keep it as a conversation piece .
my sister quite frequently visited , beautiful country . wish i could visit you .
yeah , but the law is n ' t mandatory . him dying was not the only legal option .
still does n ' t answer the original question though .
any mana issues ? fixed or percent class ? best weapon a b axe ?
i got bad news for you .
it was divided different when i wrote it , but some line got stuck together when i posted it
seriously , especially in baseball .
agreed , a beautiful piece of steel
what distinction are you drawing between ethics and morals ?
how am i being condescending ? i just said you ca n ' t use real world physics .
i believe it ' s the gauge brightness . maybe odometer if you push it ? my post is worthless .
i think that guy kept doing it for several days without ever showing up , though , iirc . i ' d just want them to hold it for an hour .
that ' s got to be it . if he buys it himself , he misses out on the drugs he could purchase with that money instead .
or wrecking the rail . especially if its a single main line .
they have dvd players and a booming black market for external media .
also homeschooled , also pro - reformation . my household growing up was very evangelical , and very anti - catholic .
hope you end up with a pokemon you like and a partner you have good synergy with ! for me , that ' s the most important part of the pmd games ! also , have fun !
it was the long goodbye quite a bit more than either of those , imho .
the guys at nofap have problems in their lives that they incorrectly blame on masturbation .
hive ! now with league army by his sides oliver can fight against hive .
that would get expensive and take forever to build . and besides , where else are you going to put all that rubble ?
yeah , you definitely are n ' t alone . neither am i . it ' s hard to remember that sometimes . how was your day today ?
thanks for the compliment . also i gotta admit i ' m extraordinarily happy someone caught that minor detail i decided to throw in .
due to exchange rate , aussie netflix is currently cheaper than us netflix .
why are you asking when you ' re not going to listen ? sounds like you ' ve already made up your mind .
i thought i just explained why ?
the only way to do that is to write a blog on forbes saying that they ' re not insightful or authoritative . then people will believe you !
hah yeah , makes it easier to manage winners that way and get things shipped as soon as possible .
it looked like it was cut into their heads and scarred over time .
oh no he ' d never do steroids , and i would never support it . it ' s a dangerous area to dabble in .
at the time , he was the leader of the crew .
he always has expensive players and plays it safe . pep is a great tactician .
gg . first real video is a win .
but it ' s not a beagle . that would just be madness !
she really seems to think she ' s hot stuff .
sir loin is actually capable in battle . they just have this weird idea in their head that every band of knights needs a fat member .
any information is meaningful right now so i do n ' t mind , i ' ll just convert it to mp3 and listen to it over the course of the week . cheers .
is this really humiliating ?
i ' m into whichever one got her hand stuck in the sink .
the skin thing is when the calf did n ' t die right away or the cow already cleaned up the afterbirth .
and humans are any better ?
in before someone comes into the thread just to talk smack about martyrs . but seriously , give martyrs a watch . left me in an emotional funk for a day afterward .
vegeta ' s fine at judging his own power , just not the strength of others
if not bino , then at least someone from his team . they ' ve definitely had inside knowledge before .
i ' ve never seen a brit spell it that way .
i thought those restaurants make food really spicy and oily , not salty in particular ?
oh , give that one a rest already .
i do n ' t . i pay a lot to go and see her , less than half of which is bulk - billed . my entire post was about her receptionist , not her .
the ghorn is still better though . the what the 4th horse man has with power loses with range
yeah , this is all automatic . you never see the deducted money .
a little bit , does n ' t it ? when i color and add the details , it ' ll look more vivi - ish .
back cave , low gym not in middle court and allow them to beat us to our own base . a team should not get rewarded for going 4 down
i do n ' t know if you can eat a god , but a picnic bar from the fridge would be pretty close to it i ' d say .
i am ashamed to say i still have to find that . guess what i ' m doing later today .
the city is only small cause it would be a pain to make a giant city , so really its supposed to be really big in lore , and all that .
this is my concern as well , that these particular characters are not interesting enough to carry on their own show . the writers certainly have their work cut out for them .
getting the best of both worlds , why not have a full game set in alaska ? it really needs some change of scenery . also mutant bears .
would n ' t it be an ethical clusterfuck to give an ai emotions ? i thought the two things we decided were off limits to an ai computer were emotions and weapons .
ooc : no point . i ca n ' t progress at all due to the restrictions . there is no proper point .
high school . my understanding is that a lot of high schools have that requirement .
sound like mit - grade shit
hint most communication does n ' t go on via twitter it ' s near unusable as is due to the 140 character limit .
also eating disorders and self abuse .
you ' d probably have to buy mark dice ' s book to determine that .
shit was intense , only to lose .
i mean sure why not just add a lesser used currency ! i do n ' t see why adding aud is such an issue . anyone care to enlighten me ?
4 hours ? you ' re practically snorlax at that point
this is true . i learned it a few months ago from reddit and my life changed . now i can pee like a free man and do n ' t have to worry about any drops in the pants .
had garland for 116 . class was terrible , but he seems like a decent enough person .
that ' s when you walk back over the line and let her die .
he ' s clearly either seriously tired or injured and just does n ' t want to take a break . i do n ' t think he ' s half as sharp as he was earlier in the season .
i read the study and the amounts are quite a bit more than what a child would be exposed to . not even in the same ball park .
i ' ve seen them priced around 300 - 400 usd . edit : used , i ' ve seen them priced around 300 - 400 usd used . upon a bit more research that was a great price to pay for those .
that was the original plan however apparently that is no longer feasible so we will need to find a temporary home for a season whilst construction is completed .
the monkey porn and esperanto are only the first two of the three reasons it ' s so earth - shattering . guess what the third is
one of my personal theories is that they ' ll end up giving aegon ' s role to gendry .
there needs to be a systematic cleansing of domestic terrorists wearing badges .
i will keep this in mind for the summer . i just planted my eggplant seeds in starter pots yesterday .
man , some of these people get really protective over a couple possibly dead bees .
i have a mountain bike , i put road tires on when i ' m riding in portland
i ' ve played maple story before , it ' s pretty cool . i ' ll definitely have to try out ragnarok and ultima
rice is a pretty big staple to dislike ! is it the texture or taste ?
living in the barracks , i have absolutely no sympathy for anyone that gets a free house .
oh , okay . i was expecting voiced ads that interrupt the songs , or at best , run between tracks . in that case i might not be so hasty in spending money , thank you .
hey , could you post your twitch link ? nice montage btw , one of the best thresh montages ive seen in a while . and i need the song name : d
very good point .
lemon juice keeps apple slices from browning , too !
it ' s video head cleaner and is in a bottle .
if you stack them , you can create a pringles staff . i ' m sure that ' s much more effective !
apocalypse ? make sure you run that through with the mods . that ' s the exact reason why i did n ' t make mine the legit four horsemen .
does she not appear in the comics at all ? i ' m saving up money for them . she ' s my favorite character .
i realize this is a two - week old thread , but she ' s cuban , not brazilian .
glad you liked it . not sure man . they take a lot of time to film and edit .
it was a light ale , similar in taste to tribute . i find that adding even lemonade makes things far too sweet for my taste .
correct . and that ' s creepy you notice my name and make that connection . thanks for creeping it real .
i liked that game . noob me once put a trebuchet right next to a wall to break it down . because i did n ' t understand what a trebuchet did .
not all of us are like this . i would love if we won but i am of decent intelligence and realize that the warriors this year are deadly and i would be happy if we went down playing our best .
op ' s asking for bad cards , not badly - designed cards .
they also made millions putting lead in gasoline . maybe we should go back to that since profit is the measure of how right something is .
it was reportedly a small bone ; either way , there needs to be bite marks on the bone .
gays can get the same rights as a married couple with a civil union in ohio . why is it embarrassing that we have n ' t changed the definition of a word ?
from the article i linked , they said it was the best steak ever . it just tasted like steak and the lava did n ' t impart any off flavors .
i guess that makes sense . like , what are you gonna do ? slap some more rocks on your rocks ?
we do n ' t have a name system like dns integrated to the wallets yet , although there are many ideas on how to do it .
i may be getting the time period wrong . my memory from my 9 - 14 year old age range is less than ideal .
beeswax leather is the most versatile , but taupe suede works well , too . i have both .
i ' ve been using smart city and the girl has been a lifesaver . that ' s how i found hi line . at this point i ' m more looking for other residents or visitors impression of the place . thanks !
that is part of the story but only part . it is also indisputable that indians had a big hand in what happened as well .
they are shoved up your moms ass so when they come out they are distinguishable . they may have shit , cum , and a little bit of blood on them , but nonetheless , distinguishable .
usps most certainly does n ' t deliver on sundays .
one can not fault those that tried to become a 60 though , for they too were blessed by the button . there are plenty that tried , and became a 59 instead .
i hope you die alone and sad , covered in cat piss .
on a good day , in a good area . an emt may make a small amount more money than someone who has flipped burgers for a few years . it ' s awful how poorly they are compensated .
probably is n ' t . iirc similar shit was tried when school segregation ended and a few states disbanded their public school systems
vigil is another tempo losing card though . i would n ' t be too sure about vigil being played at all in competetive decks .
gotta love tuna - free dolphin .
no , the guy who does nothing but post pictures of his turkey wrap on reddit
i think the white space is fine , looks nice
awesome , you should start a kickstarter .
i have been putting fish sauce in the same bucket . i mean , something that smells like that ca n ' t possibly get contaminated by mere bacteria .
so , then you can at least agree that it shows what life is like pretty well .
yep . only this is a college course . fuck me , right ?
yeah but there are no crit successes or failures on skill checks in raw . it ' s just a common house rule , like free parking giving you money in monopoly .
definitely true . a lot of the bs inspiration i think more came from a design perspective where the lovecraft inspiration is in the story and the lore .
maybe so but the people fighting over the dvd players where i worked at were middle aged women .
ph is good until you hit about 8 pm when the bar crowd starts a creeping . i usually go earlier in the day , so i do n ' t have a problem , but this is the top recommendation .
is it a pakistani custom to ask if you ' ve had your coffee yet ?
the cia sends us a monthly check . would n ' t make sense for anyone to give us gold .
i think a better point to be made is that men and women have different metrics of attractiveness . women look more for resources , men look more for beauty .
but that ' s exactly what makes this so special . if the pic was taken with a good camera and under good lighting it would n ' t appear one way for some people and another for some .
my chihuahua mix fits into my courier bag . i have snuck that dog into so many places .
he did ' t mention black people , so it ' s ok .
will it fit then ? last question : when cloning it over , should i not touch my computer for the duration of the copying process ?
no they wont og will have karma then its rip to the comp . they just lost to a pick up team with days of practice
wait , is he no longer on fire for wolfsburg ?
there are definitely times i miss chicago . then again , seattle has been in the low 60 ' s since last week so i do n ' t know what to think anymore .
i do n ' t have those advertised sorry , must have mistaken my post for someone else ' s . good luck though !
400 feet max altitude , no closer than 3 miles to an airport without verbal permission from the tower , stay clear from other humans and animals
yeah that human was an asshole .
upvote for awesome great grand dad .
hell naw , chino ' s swole as fuck , still . and still can write the shit out of some rhymes . for 25 years now . he ' s here to save us all .
no . i completely agree . it only makes sense to want yourself in there
iron prot 2 - 3 i believe is about the same as diamond . however , diamond protection is more reliable for each hit .
we will drink for her .
ouch . you say your old proton pack . do you have a newer one ? what kind of work are you looking for ?
was that before or after he started wearing swim goggles to the ring ?
holding hands is n ' t sexual .
you might consider installing a gutter there to help . it is right by your door . must be a pain on cold rainy days .
they do n ' t go for adult cats but they do eat kittens
those bugs would have been eaten , but the photographer kept scaring the bird away probably
they never show him dying but it did n ' t seem like he would be coming back from what happened
if it tastes powdery when you mix it , then you ' re doing a shitty job if blending it . i use milk , ice and protein powder usually and it ' s fine .
nice dude ! guess i ' m not the only one who saw the potential of the metal slurpee straw haha !
is this actually true ? the parachute not working part ?
honestly tool use is n ' t as impressive as it used to be , when literal bird - brains can do it .
might work , dont really like that either since im having same problems on my right hand .
yeah , garb team indeed , ty for your skins . i enjoyed those sweet , juicy affinity odds .
holy shit . when i was in , fat hate was mandatory .
my guess is to stay warm .
i never thought invisibility would have such a down side .
would his father ' s name still be that big of a draw in europe , especially since junior is canadian ?
they do n ' t normally pee on everything , but there are female dogs that will mark their territory like males , but they ca n ' t lift their leg which is a bonus
can you give me a little synopsis or is that too personal ?
i catch someone trying to steal my dogs i will send them there .
is it curly , straight ? what color is it ? how long is it ? does it naturally part left or right ?
25 years young , breh .
i do n ' t consider it rape , but i do think it ' s wrong to expect someone to have sex when they ' re not in the mood .
was n ' t trying to doubt you , i ' m just impressed .
yes i think my mom would also like that part about the sparring haha !
i ' ll probably be able to unlock that . if i ' m lucky maybe even the extra 2 cores .
you can have a goal without god , it ' ll just be an earthly goal .
good luck adult .
pretty sure it ' s the girl from kate plus 8
this actually annoyed me because my instinct was to ask her if she was okay first , but i like to work my way through all the dialogue options bottom to top .
yeah , it ' s the fact that he is one .
they even but the fries in a little bag .
i have to agree on that , but riot will just say his ult is good
make her watch the trailers , confirm that she knows who made ultron and that he ' ll destroy cities in the movie . then watch the episode .
i heard there ' s going to be heavy rain later .
i love that ! it ' s like thinking that everybody must love the daily show because he has a stack of papers .
as another canadian here , i apologize on behalf of those asshole canadians !
i always loved being class of 2013 cause it was so easy to figure out what year it was when i started a grade .
you need to meet my fc . they think lala are food and cats are n ' t much higher up the food chain .
it ' s not a stingray , and that mole thing was just stuck on him .
caster . my np is a wand that can either bring great joy or crushing technical errors .
they would n ' t , they did n ' t . that ' s just how news works these days . i have n ' t seen any link between the protesting and the shooting outside of garbage comment sections .
but can he get the point ? i have reason to doubt .
if theres a fight going on , you would just walk away ?
i use tumblr for that reason .
i agree with you , kids are gonna get high and make concentrates whether we approve or not . and rosin is a waaaay safer alternative .
shh dont tell the american !
lmfao he just got shadowbanned for this comment .
yup . 40k for my car and the day after i had both my dogs in my back seat .
i was thinking vertical stripes , to add some length to her legs .
and naming his wife ' s son tyrion . bronn you troll !
idk , i kinda feel like it deserves a second season .
it hovers in the air . fixed - wing aircraft ? dont think so .
just started to be distributed in ne ohio recently but you can get it just about anywhere now . still have n ' t tried it .
do n ' t be jealous man . it ' s not as if i tried to get this voice i was born with the thing
ugh that shit kills me that camelot didnt continue golden sun . those 2 games were my favorite games for a long time growing up
make sure you put an arsenal poster by your desk . stand your ground , brother .
yeah , i ' m from the t dot area so people are pretty cool around here .
probably because he ' s using his left hand .
here here ! there can be no peace until the timer reaches zero . never press that button !
haha ! they ' re lovely ! it ' s cherry blossom season here in japan right now , so i was out sitting under some there on saturday ! they are really lovely !
thank you . i have one pair maxed waiting to be combined , and half of another pair maxed . i just wanted to make sure i was doing the right thing putting the ur cards on the back burner
well i am half czech and english so i could pick which country ! i am a girl so i would n ' t be sent to war !
hell yeah . happy birthday , man .
last i heard , hit men do n ' t do pro bono work .
do so ! i ' d love to hear your thoughts . explain and describe so we can discuss .
i resent it , let me know if you got it
it would work the same as how item pages work now . so it would not be 125 separate pages . if you have two rune pages , then you decide which of the two pages you use for each champion .
no clue , i just know they were the only club who did n ' t sign the letter asking for the new tv deal legislation to be pushed through .
she said that a will be revealed , and charles is a , and black veil is connected to the a endgame which means that : a is a male black veil is a female black veil cannot be a
my last apartment did n ' t have a fridge .
did as you suggested and it works , thanks .
pack up your cac ?
i do n ' t think she would fangirl . i shrink she would just turn bright red and stutter a lot .
if they have a demon in them it works , and that ' s where strange gets most his current power .
yes , but nobody else i know who has used him does . 36 goals 10 assists 25 games .
that does sound awesome . good luck with it . i ' d love to see it .
i always play asteroid ! its probably my most played map by now
bas dost being that high in this list among that other players only proves how little use that statistics has .
like i already said : i ' ve never witnessed him stop breathing .
fuzzy ' s is good and right on the strip .
yeah . they ' re really fun , and it will get better as more games come out with amiibo support . getting the ones you want is a pain in the ass , though .
no , not yet . hold onto him for now .
right . silly me . maybe i should just go watch sex and the city instead ?
chaff is anti - radar .
you ' re both crazy , that ' s how fast i can get 4x4 on a good day .
i think b is sting . c looks like bob holly . the rest i ' m not sure .
he shut down john wall in she second half , really good defense
look at me . look at me . i am the captain now .
they could do a web series of that . bring the goat fucker too .
i really like cabbage lightly dressed with red wine vinegar .
go play arma then . this isnt supposed to be a realistic shooter .
day ? they had them every lunch in maple back when i went .
very interesting ! how are things holding up ? have you tried to explain yourself ?
thanks for sharing ! i wish i had a sister , as it is my brother would love to dress in drag for a wedding . he ' s taller than i am without the heels , so i ' m thinking no .
no ma ' am ! just a plain jane american who put a vibrator in her boyfriend ' s asshole .
i was pleased to see she did n ' t play the usual doofus woman in saint vincent . she is very capable .
i wish it were actually easy . why must games remind me that perfect women can run forever in awful shoes ?
um arizona is robbed of water by ca . take a look at the colorado river .
negative criticism is not hazing .
9 of our remaining 14 league games are against opposition in the bottom half of the table too .
no no no . we are openly at war with code in the lave system . i can give you a detailed analysis of the conflict if you want to catch up .
i was following then in high school , but mostly because i wanted to see how they would eventually crash and burn . they still managed to disappoint me .
that guy came back from his honeymoon to see a black hole above his city . grodd .
its like taking a hippie communal farm , and introducing a company store . bringing money into the mix ruins the whole idea .
so nobody said mossad at all and you ' re just making it up .
not for everyone , but it was just my theory . i ' m no unidan .
not the only one . a district court in louisiana upheld their ban . the 5th circuit has yet to rule on the appeal .
i like them both . i think the first is a bit better for you but the second one is very very close .
interesting , i had never heard of anyone that had issues with wind before . does make sense though , high winds will really dry skin out quick .
adoptive finnish transplant living in ireland , can confirm , irish like to give grief , but cannot take it .
if i happen to fart before i leave the house , i change pants . sometimes i have pretty bad farts . and people can smell that shit .
i like this game . indestructible tank or device with a history of poor quality control , pick one
colby 2012 is going home .
not really . it was more that it was a bit of the prequel sneaking in to original film
haha . i personally do n ' t like it . i do it on people all day long who request it . but i would never do that to my own face .
alright , thanks man
it might ! i got my bloody show last night .
if he ' s considered a farmer . you have a low standard of what a farmer is . haha
pretty sure a spray bottle set on mist works perfect .
true , but they do stand the best chance of competing at this point .
you ' re defending it because you also live in a shit hole . you do n ' t know any better , you get a pass only for ignorance .
why ca n ' t we talk about the overused running joke that completely breaks the immersion in movies ? it ' s annoying and needs to stop .
i ' ve already looked into it , the original smb games do n ' t give points for 1 - ups , so it ' d be pointless to attempt it .
i ' ve only had this year ' s victory at sea , so i have no basis for comparison . what set it apart for you ?
blame funimation . uk distributors just put everything on netflix because funimation has their own streaming service that only operates in the us
drought . the lake is at historic lows and has been for some time .
and the troll team does the stomping more often than not .
i feel this too . its often accompanied with my hands and face becoming really , really red .
oh my god , you are actually upset by this . you ' re so cute .
any idea who the girl is that plays the fiance ?
if these losers move out of state then that is great . california already has fewer of the global warming science deniers so less medical science deniers would also be good .
or still believe what they did was morally wrong but not liking the punishment and censoring of unpopular speech through legal means .
dayz is the only video game that i would allow you to argue makes people more violent .
yeah i ' m at level 3 ? does that mean i need to wait for you to hit 3 also i presume ?
i ' m sure he had the theme song playing on loop as he typed this
charge up battery before working ? seems fairly simple to me .
pakistan bangladesh india all have their fair share , only really sri lanka are the more chilled dudes
and trans people who pass for , uh , passing , which i think is kinda the point . lgbtq politics is complicated .
makes it less like an invasion or makes it a defeat ? i do n ' t really get whose side you ' re on , you could argue both .
this . i work for an online wine and spirits company and maybe one out of fifty packages come back with broken bottles . it is by far the safest method .
big boobs are fake now ?
reminds me of heavy fire afghanistan gameplay when they were still ig .
no , he was not . how about when bush was lying ? which dem stood up and called him a liar ?
anyone else remember when he tried to start a video game studio ?
continuous loop , but i imagine it would fray the same with a flemish twist . just keep an eye on it and be pretty liberal with the string wax
animation is a lot of work by itself . not trying to discourage you , or anything , but it takes a long time and can be very expensive .
quite a good band name actually !
i ' m just confused as to why it ' s a penalty now but was n ' t when he clocked grant on the head .
bad news , i have neither of those things .
frenzied barbarian gets faster attack speed if you equip them with fast weapons .
how can a large group of men treat women so badly ? in short , what is wrong with certain types of people ?
see the top post . it ' s a fake . the downvotes are deserved
speaking of internet - would you ever confront a nigger or do you find your mouth online only ?
ahh , this explains why my friends take beer bongs to the beach then siphon it into their ass .
i play on u . s . east mostly . although i appreciate the concern , i ' m not sure that calling out the infiltrator would make the situation any better . he was probably just having a bad day .
stay healthy !
maybe a dark blue , like in his original game ? size is fine , maybe could be a little bigger but it does n ' t really matter . thanks !
ah yes , the very popular chef - on - scientist role play
nah , see , the guy in charge would always make the right choices .
yeah i was thinking that too . but it could n ' t hurt to protect from the outside in ?
planning to - look forwards to something tonight , pulling together data from the score matches later .
thank you ! my favorite color is blue , and i tend to favor other cool colors in general . i absolutely despise yellow , and generally avoid yellow things at all costs !
if a good look is wearing a lime yellow gown with green stones on an all green runway look ? yeah , great look .
i met my boyfriend at a bar i worked at . we have a very good and healthy relationship .
that was a fantastic movie . i was really impressed .
damned fine shopping list - mine was smokes , scotch , soda , smokes and a haircut so i might not sweat all over this bitch .
yes . any idea what caused it not to work ?
hey he can always switch the power off if he ' s losing xd
this stuff is great . thank you for introducing me to it !
i got family what lives up in lincoln , and they say it ' s great .
a lot of cheaper , and older brands do it . this is a rather dated picture so yes .
i do . at work i ' m on windows . i use emacs on os x at home and on linux when i can
if the psa is n ' t down by tomorrow i say we all start spamming the sub with pro - bernie sanders stuff . fuck the mods .
i agree with you to a point , i really did not enjoy alien 2 but i dont want to bury the new movie untill i can judge it my self
just assumed it was some weird government computer failure . do n ' t think it ' s specific to my account - does n ' t work for my gf either .
fair play . the first two incidents were a long time ago now i suppose . do n ' t think he ' s cleaned up his act as his on pitch behaviour shows , also he ' s a bellend on twitter .
if it ' s a keyboard , just prop it up and play it . do n ' t dress it up like something it is n ' t .
they are a bit yes , though i was told they are even closer with butter on top at the end .
uh , that ' s a lady hospital , and that ' s a little clinic being born .
the linked thread was quoting dialog from pretty much the end of the book , so maybe they skipped around ?
you ' re in a kitchen and there ' s no knife anywhere near you ?
is n ' t that counterproductive , unless your t levels are also very high ?
if only buzzfeed would fall out of the nest .
the only place you ' ll find them without unlocking the north is when you travel to the mountains . you can find them during the snow levels . but they are nowhere in the south .
on the current expo website , the name honey badgers brigade name was used with a link to her webcomic . why they did n ' t use her webcomic name is a interesting question .
nah . that was just two guys going after a loose ball .
well , i ' m happy we ' re not using the first wheel ever invented anymore . it was pretty tedious to carry the logs from behind the cart to the front every time we drove over them .
nothing like dying alone in a hospital bed listening to the guy down the hall chew with his mouth open .
definitely . even members of her own family did n ' t know this happened to her , and as a means to defend others , she revealed it to the entire world . that ' s heavy shit , man
check the history of the title , also background check that character .
something hard was definitely being thrown his way that fight .
can you imagine if someone put up as basketball goal ?
honestly the fury ornament is ugly . nothing can beat the classic look of the fury .
we have one too ! great dogs . ours is a big goof too .
you think morris , someone not known for being a grub , saw that as the opportunity to kick someone in the face , with cameras all around ? i gotta bridge to sell ya .
it ' s like when i wake up monday and i ' m like how did i pass over the last 3 days what happened
he has never sold it , you might ' ve gotten it from an exotic engram
lvl 35 if you get the basic skills before it .
my mom accidentally ran over one of out cats when slowly pulling out of our garage , and of course that was with an ice car . cats are n ' t always paying attention .
great more personal insults . christ , why do n ' t you go abuse some black people for their skin colour or whatever it is people like you do .
pay tax on minerals mined from australia ? yeah that ' s preposterous .
now i have to have an ide ? do you just want me to switch to java ?
you ' re a moron . which is n ' t a problem , except that you are apparently also a bit of a prick . tough hand . source : medical student
i finish up pretty quickly , watching you enjoy the food makes me pretty happy . i call for the waiter and pay in advance so we can leave afterward .
or giant jurassic scorpions that knock you out and eat you alive .
confucius also say , man with full balls think with other head
very good point .
lol , elder sign ?
is n ' t that a tablet ? without physical controls ? or are you just thinking about the nvidia shield ?
i think only the christmas heroes and the realm of fire heroes are missing stats . if you do max rudolph , definitely let me know . thanks !
oh yeah , you ' re right about that . nobody tell the al east , but they ' re one of the worst divisions in baseball this year .
ah ! yes ! if we ca n ' t fit it this time , maybe next time ? i love their black raspberry seed oil .
i ' m not , thats why i ' m staying away from the exchange business ! i ' ve been offered the opportunity and turn it down because i know i do n ' t have what it takes .
30fps seemed to help me with doing it more consistently but it was likely a placebo since it ' s more about the height you ' re at anyway .
i ' m sure they can , but they did n ' t have a baby monitor .
what ? she is n ' t a doctor or anything . just her and a co - worker taking . they are n ' t giving advice to customers , as far as i an aware
bradley ! he ' s the man , best ai too
yeah it ' s like you like that person but mainly because of their looks . after this you need to find out if they ' re worth falling in love with .
the irony is that whenever i tweet about reddit , i hear the same thing , only about reddit .
oh whoops , i just noticed i highlighted the damn number too .
i do n ' t think the stingray helped him much .
i ' m convinced that some of these major bosses are just aliens . that dude came from space
this is exactly the issue . many parents assume because it is a game that automatically means its ok for kids .
if it sucked in your opinion then it must be awfully hard to express yourself . you ought to find that book and tell him to give it back !
first of all i ' m not trying to get any agg types interested . second of all that ' s not what we were talking about , we were talking about what you would debate not who or why .
fixed . thanks . i never said they changed it as a result of the execution . i just said the scene reminded me of it and i liked the change .
i hope that was part of the joke .
that ' s exactly what it was . spielberg added the feel good ending .
same . i never thought she was dead . they made such a point right away that there was no body found , in the episode directly after her death . total giveaway that she was n ' t dead .
she was like a parody of those shit stirring friends , too over the top .
i honestly do n ' t remember the last time pav won us a game .
it is a silly word . being a fat ass was the ultimate show of luxury and wealth . look at henry viii . big magnificent bastard .
yes but i would like to work indoors . and even though those jobs are lucrative , its quite unpredictable .
some men just want to watch the world burn .
literally just wrapping your legs around your opponent ' s neck while you sit behind them , sometimes it ' s elevated .
yes , it was . the tournament is standard pauper , where treasure cruise is legal : d
not true . at best he ' s several times faster than lightning and that ' s through some power scaling .
i did n ' t find it funny at all . i thought it was utter shit . why is that ? how can something make you laugh , but make me uncomfortable ? people are weird , yo .
i have tried to take the computer apart but this metal box around the the head phone jack stopped me .
you can pinch hit in the al too .
good guys too , great food at the brew pub .
there is not enough difference for me to tell . there are so many tourists , both japanese and foreign , that its hard to tell
dallas is barely east of waco , the rest are west of it .
here here . this smelled of bullshit , figured it was n ' t just the milk .
yeah it was a good show ! but compared to the other times i saw them it was n ' t on the top half of my list .
i ' m done for the night . i just ran past them all . now i ' m in the hotel and i gotta think and look for shit .
you seem to have a problem with people making a choice to stay and full clear , but you do n ' t have a problem taking the choice away by closing the rift early .
so you dont even know how much fn and mw cost with the same pattern ?
not the bees !
how can allen exists if our eyes are n ' t real
at one point he was assisting on the most total 3pm in the league .
i ca n ' t even think of a minor town around me that does n ' t have at least one wifi hotspot for free
maybe he did and she just ignored it ? maybe this time he ' s finally had enough and now she ' s decided to hear him ?
does having a dumb child promote fewer of those kinds of interactions ? does having a smarter kid promote more ?
their is no way for you to live at home ? why do you have to leave , that is pretty fucking shitty .
sure , if you ' re big on committing the time necessary to complete the process . it will literally take 90 - seconds out of your life . are you really ready for that ?
in those days women were happier since they could blame somebody else for being married to the wrong man .
i too , thought this . i thought that the evil of the dark side had literally eaten away at his body .
is it because you do n ' t like shaft ' s style of animation ?
except the full length is not very long with only 4 health bars on your team . aba currently has the worst winrate of any hero other than murky . clearly the hat is n ' t making him op .
arguing against dbz is the fastest route to downvote town .
oh of course . i thought its the catholics that have a casket standing around in the living room for a week . i just find it very strange and i certainly do n ' t want to be kept in such a way .
it ' s not really superstition , but the fact that those lighters are really flimsy and have been known to spontaneously explode .
i do n ' t understand how one naked guy results in shipping your kids away . and yes i get the fresh prince reference .
it ' s dallas . source : i am one of the keepers and i recognize those gorillas and that exhibit
i mean there is only so low you can get .
in real life those flux ' s are bright ass orange . like bright , blind you , orange
yeah who cares ! i ' ve only been following then since 2011 when i first started paying attention to the bundesliga , but have n ' t been nearly as excited about them before this season
alternative way to say blowjob .
i ' m not denying his life experience , i ' m giving a poor person financial advice which he desperately needs .
and then raising the resulting child with the mate that you pair bonded with . monogamous sex is an evolutionary tactic that has resulted in a very successful species .
it ' s fucking brilliant . i guess my username reveals that i ' m a bit of a fan : p
whoa , would that actually work ?
the fact who read through my comments history is even sadder . do you have no life or something ?
please share which tool you ' re using !
it would still make for an amazing , massive mod . maybe use a little trick , like some time travel story ? the hardest part would be to not mess up the lore too much .
even the difference between a bench player in the nba and a superstar is huge . like , lebron takes a much more physical toll on his body compared to say , jeremy lamb .
spending on military is actually going to research and engineering jobs . do you think they are just buying guns and bullets ? the largest part of the budget is spent on social programs
it actually is n ' t even a musket , it ' s a rifle . musket has smooth bore barrel .
i know , right ? i would rather fight back and get shot instead of suffer being beheaded .
that ' s because windows update will install their own amd gpu driver sometimes .
at least the dryer door is reversible .
to be honest i just lost my mind for about a day there . some life shit happened and i could n ' t cope with it fast enough . all good now though . it ' s a battle , this addiction .
i have a dick , found the movie pretty tame .
its far from pay to win , but like any mmo you are going to have to grind to get some of the in game items that you may want .
i said light , not the lights . i usually light my pubes on fire to help scare away the panthers .
cleave is number one for sure . poster was asking if boosting base damage gets more effective in the presence of empower . it does , but is n ' t amazing .
you ' re not alone , so embarrassing if you do n ' t have your second jump . i play a very rush down sonic so an sd like that just kills all momentum completely haha
that does n ' t even come close to having worked in a hospital bud .
forgive me ! i wanted to hear current opinions on something like this not old outdated ones ! people change their minds you know .
i do n ' t understand where you ' re coming from . you can carry with shen if you play him well
i really had to try and put in the effort but slipped up half way .
yeah , i had to decide between dropping out or doing lots more work . in the end i chose the former !
i know . industrial and military sonar and radar interferes with the sonar location abilities of many different subspecies of marine life . my comment had nothing to do with em radiation .
that was all we had and we wanted to include something from co . i ' m not sure if it was age working against it , but i wish we would have chased down a fresh bottle in retrospect .
given the potential outcomes for a rogue rocket , it landing in the soil and exploding is preferred to flying into the people who shot it and killing them . i would be happy were i them .
i ' m not too sure what you ' re getting at . krishna is a deity . jesus is a person .
and what thing is that ? share with the group !
wrong walsh , you ' re thinking of richard walsh
both are equally effective . i use plastic because it ' s much lighter and wo n ' t break .
hell yeah . put that scene next to a lake and that ' s the definition of summer .
seconding this . i usually just use it as blush , it ' s great for added dimension when i want to do a dramatic eye or something and do n ' t want pink cheeks .
400 , 000 gallons of water a day .
looks like i can make an event out of it . i ' ll see if any of my buddies are down to check it out , since it ' s local .
hmm . i ' ve never had an issue with either .
the crystal vibrates at a known frequency and the computer counts the number of vibrations . so if it is a 100 hz crystal , after 100 ticks , the computer knows a second has passed .
heh , i ' m imagining pumping up the bike frame instead of the tires . then deflating it to stuff it in a bag . would need too much air pressure to stay rigid though .
while true , there are many companies that hire consultants as workaround to work laws and as such they also work in products .
she ' s not - that - fat .
you need to update the picture after ten years , not reapply for the licence .
finally . someone to drink with !
delta delta chapter at purdue , delta zeta pledge class . oh and this happened in 2010 .
yep . fatality won that game too .
it ' s funny , regardless .
i did n ' t see peas and tartar sauce , thats the issue . salad with fish and chips what the fuck , i ' m guessing you must be form the usa ?
viva pinata was awesome . trouble in paradise was awful though .
but why are termites walking around on top of the floor ? they usually stay inside the wood .
i feel like i ' ve solved a lot of my housemates arguments by pulling out my phone and doing a quick google .
exactly what i thought about .
they ' re still part of the community , that ' s bad enough .
agree , but kronwall plays just as bad . he ca n ' t handle the puck and has a lot of stupid passes .
yeah . those people from georgia are all racist !
bad idea . they worship the man , even after all the atrocities .
just an hour ago while driving we saw an osprey attacking a vulture mid - air ; maybe it had it ' s dinner stolen ? the osprey was definitely mad about something
are you saying a divine wind would be helpful ?
as a belgian : sorry .
yeah my husband had me take care of the first few vagina poops . even as a girl i felt weird about that one lol
i googled fruit flies and termites and sadly i think you may be right . how do we get rid of them ? we live in an apartment , but our land lady wo n ' t be in until monday .
i ' m almost positive you can fit a 3ds with a hori case in this . there is some room to play but it may fit too snug
should n ' t the tops control the downpour ? you ca n ' t have a torrent of liquor unless it ' s bottomless .
i ' m not saying we should depend on it , i mean it ' s something to read in the off season . we should all know that they are rumors .
people preference are not the same . even if the the view is the same , explanation as why they like or dislike is what i like than because everyone likes this , i like it too .
have you tried answering the phone ?
what is this tool used for ?
cause that ' s capitalism .
i do diving , and i ' m getting my marine biology degree even that is n ' t enough to keep you happy
so funny he never had kids !
so has hulk . they ' re both practically invincible , so the fight would go on until superman took hulk into space or something so he could n ' t fight anymore .
how the hell is guardians of the galaxy serious and brooding ?
woo fairfield county , me too ! as far as i ' m concerned , there are two parts of ct . fairfield county , and then the rest of the state .
what is it ? babies and metal music ?
that ' s how cotton candy is made .
dude , like , chill the original is a classic and irreplaceable , it ' s been like 2 hours
both lies and deceit ? that ' s crazy .
over the entire past month and a half , snapchat has used 17 mb of background data for me . weird . i know i do n ' t use it a lot , but still , weird .
very easy , the place i work at now is looking for 14 new employees throughout the store .
also his ability does n ' t apply to spread moves
dollar store .
i always tell my friends that if i ever commit suicide it ' s going to be with a rube goldberg machine .
that ' s the symbol for the british pound , not the euro .
no idea how i missed this but saw your other responses . this is an excellent analogy !
i like a lot of his ideas . can you recommend some authors that have the same kind of philosophy ?
me too man . i feel that we are you we would n ' t really take into consideration all the things that life throws at us
well , i sure feel like a retard for buying winter hiking gear here now : d
i do buy some used workout gear , but only the stuff that looks brand new . there ' s usually a good stock of like - new stuff after the new year gym slump .
yeah , humans were super lucky that the covenant fleet that invaded earth was n ' t bigger . silly prophets did n ' t even realize it ' s our homeworld .
jon stewart once described poland as a country that really needed to import some vowels , maybe from hawaii .
i ' m pretty sure in the current continuity hulk retains his intelligence upon transformation
aww man , now i ' m sad .
yeah i ' ve basically given up on getting lucario so maybe kirby with a lucario hat will have to do .
i get great flavor from mine too . airflow and juice capacity are amazing .
i wish ! if i was high this would be 12 pages
sorry i actually sold it already . i just took the ad down
not a bad idea ! twists are always fun !
they could detect them by scanning your running processes with the client , but they ca n ' t detect it through analyzing the data you send .
ditto ! did you use a machine to sew the fabric on , or just hand sew using the elastic thread ?
just keep the battery in your pocket and attach the battery with a 3 foot usb cable . it actually works very well . not much different from attaching headphones to your phone .
the water i drink is a big fan of the wall street journal .
you can have that opinion , it ' ll just be wrong . language does n ' t run on opinions .
i ' ll bet you select for comfort too , like all real women . it ' s only natural .
looks like he put on more muscle since pre - season .
i left my house that i was in before this one . it had all my food that i forgot in it . this game really is awesome .
taking your word on this but will be buying the cheapest wine possible .
a woman that tries to bait a man into marriage is not thinking logically about consequences .
they are going to be coming soon , prompt critical from the ps2 team mentioned they were expanding their server rack in au to fit h1z1 servers
no problem , there are negative side effects on society from vanity . i ' m in complete agreement
okay i ' m gonna take a pass on it . thanks for getting back to me
god i hope they do , it ' s like watching a train wreck right now .
the scariest part is that his offensive game keeps steadily improving .
well , considering the fact that test is made from cholesterol , they are n ' t wrong .
how did he break the game . he is n ' t difficult to overcome . you just save him for last and gang attack him .
inflammatory pain , she hurt her arm working with a violent patient .
look into their practice of giving away free baby formula in africa a couple decades ago if you want to know how evil they are .
one of my favorites as well . there are n ' t many artists who has such an amazing voice as him .
no black guy posted this lame crap .
but your finger has to leave the button . that one second of moving your finger to push the button might cost you . every second in a match costs you .
i ' m looking at my own room for ideas xd socks ?
people still wear pantyhose , never once thought it was attractive
high intensity interval training . what ' s you daily limit ?
not really . i thought that ' s what it meant at first but no not depressed
prefix meaning billion .
with a little hula hoop orbiting that thumb .
i think that would be great . that way we would only need to deal with one badly booked mid - tier champ instead of two .
you were owned by venice . i just liberated you . i ' m setting up your government .
it is n ' t his car , so not his taste . also the worst bmw made .
i tell ya man , hire torts as an intensity specialist .
haha i currently am and could n ' t help but laugh my ass off at the trailer on youtube
and ? if i grant that as true how does that harm society ? the harm comes from people citing them as an authority , not the site themselves .
in my opinion , it is n ' t worth the farming for the dragon balls just to respec . just delete your character and start over again . you wo n ' t lose any skills , story advancements or equipment .
thanks man ! just the help i was looking for .
my friend got put in jail ; life is tough in the city . but i get your point , it just seems slightly more unclear .
he does n ' t mix so it ' s real disappointing considering how good the show could be if he actually did
he basically hit it in the same exact spot from what i could tell while at the game .
nope , sorry . try our best friend .
still , the idea can be use in rm game , even without ji sung .
it ' s not gonna be a separate game mode , it ' s going to be a very integral part of the main game . besides , they clearly are still working on ship stuff , with things like wings .
i totally thought you were saying zachary levi is playing a young alaskan child .
it ' s on their last of us videos . i know you can select ad location , but this seems random .
i see him go to the bathroom in his litter box , and he does n ' t show any signs of pain . also he does n ' t wince or cry if i touch the area of surgery
that was nothing , have you read step into the past ? there ' s real harem tragedy there .
the furniture is so much easier to put together with power tools .
this . air brush works wonders too .
i do n ' t think lil wayne has ever had an average verse , it ' s either really great or absolute garbage .
what ' s wrong with the vigil ? i love flying that thing and it ' s almost always useful .
i did n ' t realize guys played field hockey .
always wanted to go to a gwar show .
me too . memphis wants this so bad
he gets tested 3 times a week , he would have failed a test if he did n ' t confess .
it ' s gotta be within reason . person after person are not wayne and garth : d
i would n ' t even have the first clue where to get it in all honesty , does putting it in brownies have the same affect as smoking it ?
i still ca n ' t believe he had space in his mouth to defend seattle during the fight at the end
you mean a utopia .
yes , i ' ll take 1 grilled stattrak chicken and as of music , i ' d love this new stattrak frozen playlist .
i dont even have a spring in my main so theres that .
i do n ' t have any more information , sorry . i thought a 20 minute video would be enough . you might find more on google .
certain woods are harder or softer and that makes them more difficult to cut , as well as some logs are harder to light .
oh my god this comment made me laugh my ass off in the middle of the night . it sounds like fucking samuel l . jackson trying his best to compliment someone .
my frame of reference is probably massively skewed .
it was frenzied which looked savage but did n ' t get enough food .
acres and acres of forehead .
nonsense , who would resort to a strawman argument ! that ' s the first fallacy they teach you !
shaking your head back and forth to see both sides the entire time probably does n ' t help
nah that is n ' t in the bible . you ' re confusing paradise lost with actual theology .
water fountain , wood and survivor man binging finally paying off .
was gone by the time i left at 9 today !
yeah , if there ' s one thing we can do , it ' s defend .
actually , the glorious leader pressed on march 31st
for the first question , yes - unless you keep many programs open while gaming , or multitask a lot . in this case , you ' d want 8gb ddr3 . ddr2 and ddr3 can not work in the same computer .
yes ! i think even 100k would be fair , maybe 50k , but 15k is just stupid .
i agree with this . i had spots like that all over my chest once and it was a fungal infection . doctor gave me some cream and it cleared up in a week .
that is a wonderful question , sticky bandit , it ' s more fun to have sticky gloves than to have to ruin the kitchens at every halloween part we go to .
point based boxer . even old school boxing fans love action . mayweather does not deliver action , he is a defensive genius but because of that a boring boxer to watch .
we have n ' t traded away a ton of draft picks for a qb we are planning to get rid of . does that count ?
why ? a pentagram is n ' t a symbol of this god in any way .
well why would he shave out in the jungle ? it ai n ' t like there ' s much of a reason .
who is this ides person ?
if georgia wins we ' ll get 10 warlocks next year . do it !
well ya air tools always win but it ' s nice having such a badass little cordless impact that you can keep with you anywhere you go .
ouch , have you found a left handed stick that you like at a reasonable price yet ?
what is your sculpture of ?
i ' m not sure i ' d call 35 d the biggest festival in denton anymore . they might have the most acts but the turnout was abysmal .
yeah , i actually rolled verdandi before urd i believe , but i ended up going with urd because i have pretty much every sub an urd team could want : p
where in kyoto did you find them ? my gf is currently there and it would help to know
why would there be a word for that specific act ?
that answer is so perfect haha definitely gonna use that definition from now on .
i did n ' t get a discount card , but as a male gg member i obviously get paid several cents more on the dollar than the female members .
two handles a day ? my god . after a couple days of that i would be so sick that i would n ' t be able to hold the liquor in my stomach long enough to get a buzz .
after we win a spring training game i ' ll do it or something
from the program . not the file . to download on a mac it tried to install a bunch of crap instead of just downloading the file . not your fault , just a bad service .
what ? does that work .
let ' s just put all the snow in one big pile
an nra convention is n ' t a political convention either . i ' m trying to use an example where a non - political event would bar someone based on their politics .
i certainly hope so ! seriously though if luffy does n ' t destroy the red line with his bare hands i will be sorely disappointed .
if that includes wood eating bees and spiders , i ' m fine with some dead flowers .
i took a bunch of eyes away when i finally removed the hazard wall . the chamber of flesh is still a work in progress .
what do you know about the situation ? i am asking you because you ' re insulting someone ' s mother .
good call .
native arabic speaker here , can confirm . also an expat and too lazy to install an arabic keyboard .
and tennis has had several people complain about the grunts . even some pro players have spoke up against it . this is n ' t exclusive to video games .
nothing really . just wanted to quote metal gear since i guessed you ' d wake up by then and you just went to sleep about 8 hours ago .
i know i played them a ton , they were the whole reason i got the ps2 way back when
that is much more terrifying but they ' ll likely hold off on the nukes at least for a while during any war .
i ' m starting to get worried that we try too hard to get bale and end up on missing out on both of them .
i could care less .
and that ' s the kind of attitude that ensures your favorite game ' s developers lose their jobs and never make a sequel again .
what if some of the buds are too big to just throw in ? i guess you could breakdown a larger bud into smaller nugs without ripping the bud apart and leaving it mostly intact .
did stringer - hell complain when you responded to him 2 days later ? whats the cutoff to assume a topic is no longer relevant for discussion ?
yeah it basically a burrito filling in a bowl . your really missing out on chipotle though .
just shake it off , man .
two sticks and two clutch pedals could potentially make a manual dual clutch . you ' d need a second right arm and second left leg to use it well though .
religion vs economic outlook . the only thing that makes it an issue today is archaic expressed views on women and people not like them .
work location is not a factor . just looking for a good place to live .
why ' d they leave again ?
west russia then i assume ?
nice whats something like that worth ?
thank you for your understanding .
check out the new christmas special . it ' s free on youtube . triple mindfuck - favorite episode so far .
will do , also i have some experience with demon ' s souls , so i ' m not completely new to the games mechanics , thats probably why i did n ' t die alot : p
as a middle - aged straight man , i can confirm that they were both extraordinarily handsome men back then .
that ' s crazy . do you know of any online overseas stores that sell it and ship here ? i ' ve tried finding a few , but they are mysteriously sold out as well ! or maybe a good dupe for it ?
i remember sending you a nice pair of boobies . the bird that is .
i feel like what you just said is obvious , but right now , it seems really profound .
both powerful , but the victor is clear . war production first , oil second , and then everything else .
there would be so many amazing look - alike cameos in that movie .
for financial elites it is n ' t that big of a deal , but for the rest of us it ' s one more bubble ready to pop .
jackal was very fun . you ever play heavy barrel ?
do n ' t forget about the giant stone head he lives next to . that probably does something
wasp , n . synonym : only motherfucker creepier than an arachnid .
converge are one of a kind . one of my favourites , i remember jane doe for the first 4 times was just the most intense thing i ' ve ever heard .
there are a lot of nuke and fossil lovers in this sub . one man - bites - dog solar fire anecdote is a cause for celebration for them .
i ' m on google now launcher . really do n ' t care for nova . is there anything similar to the google now launcher ?
who do you have in the nickel ?
i ' m just imagining all the children stressing about making partner when they hit 16 or so .
a brothel outside of reno had a male prostitute . i live here and it was all over the news .
oh okay . hey , so on a side note , what do you hope the kings accomplish this year ?
my engines broken , so a lot of toons cant play
or he never knew about the baby in the first place and after karin died did n ' t see a reason to return to the village .
it was probably auto correct i did n ' t bother to fix . stream of consciousness writing , let the chips fall where they may .
i notice it on the edges of my monitor with a solid white background . also very obvious on some crt tvs .
friend from colorado has been laughing at me all month , told me he spend every lunch time for the past month , enjoying warm sun in the park .
lmao ! i ' d love to do something like that . i need to be in better shape , and to find a chunk of time in which to do it , first .
the same could be said for any language you do n ' t speak
oh how i miss the shredded big chew .
probably 15 - 20 , assuming that they are fairly well trained in running trains on whatever map , and have jug , speed , and double tap .
would love to do this as well . how did you end up with your job ?
the issue is gone for me , hope it goes for you too
this raises my respect for world war ii veterans that were part of the d - day invasion by land .
nice ! someone tried to buy my ghost ogre for 40 . i just kinda told him to look at the prices on ebay . i want to try to sell it for 65 .
have n ' t there been a number of greek politicians saying anti - jewish things ?
the weapon x project was mostly well - funded , but the union really dropped the ball on the dental coverage .
would not be better after eating mexican food .
animals are wired differently than we are . for instance , have you ever seen geese feed in the wild ? have you seen how they swallow their food ? did you know they breathe through their tongue ?
an apple will fulfill all those needs .
i tried but it only gives me options for the normal stores and a atm , there is a different npc standing there but it does nothing .
yes , you are correct !
agreed and many restaurants pay any required medical bills in cash and do not report the comp claim .
that ' s just it . front wheel drive is n ' t very good in snow and ice . it ' s pretty good in the rain . that ' s all i can say for it .
i got a rabbit which is another famous one and my life took a dramatic turn for the better , also because i found out what i actually like and where !
unfortunately there are a lot of people who are not responsible enough to make the decision .
absolutely , i love discussing it ! however , i do n ' t have any experience with social nudity as there ' s nobody around who shares this interest .
i feel like that would have some impact on grip .
san marino ' s 12 point to latvia was n ' t a surprise for you ?
this , i tried olive oil and it makes the shake taste like shit .
i love bro hymn as the ducks goal song , being from a local band makes it even better !
rewatch the lip sync . they do a clear close - up of yara ' s face at one point and her mouth is literally just moving up and down .
thanks man ! the first paused rep i did because i felt out of groove on the way down and i would most likely tip forward if i came straight back up . the second i forgot to come back up haha .
yep , he ' s definitely viewed that way in the creationist community .
yeah americans are treated better than the british here , you can even buy land .
this is some robin hood level accuracy .
this is n ' t bad writing . lance consistently blames other people for sara ' s deaths . he blamed oliver in season one . this time he blames the arrow . how is this out of character ?
that might even be better . tie his wife up and make her watch while jimmy shows her his picture album . the spanish inquisition should be in awe of this sub reddit .
and why would a guy named never be sued ?
jeans and closed - toe shoes might be a good idea , too . plenty of people brew in glass , but you ' ve gotta treat it with respect .
bob sapp has n ' t had a fight in his last 12 fights
haha yeah i ' m always careful with that . the sun was n ' t too warm that day . i ' m up in canada the day after this it snowed haha
well , the sign in the window is sort of red i suppose . a technicality ?
um yes , microscopic life forms that thrive inside your body and harm it are considered diseases .
np ! but forreal it ' s nice that people are watching for that kinda thing .
i experienced this issue both before and after the nvidia driver .
my son has headphones for his system .
synergy is used with cata . service is used with demonic servitude . supremacy has lost a lot of its use since the other two combos work way better .
red wine and hash . mind eraser , painkiller , sleep aid and the best way to party .
this is not a starter car !
well fuck then , play i like to rock .
i bet that was expensive ! do n ' t trust the gps too much , either .
sure : 3 gate ' s open !
how insightful ! how intelligent ! my god , can i please learn more from you ? tell me more , o radiant one .
one can hope an dream .
1 . no chance a jaffa would survive 3 hours let alone 3 days in my house . 2 . it would actually take on more of the consistency of a biscuit .
sounds like the weather held a bunch of people back from coming to the game . i ca n ' t blame em
i mean , you could always look up the album artwork since its 2 , 000 x 2 , 000 , and make your own .
that would be totally badass ! loved the feature in gw1
very true my friend , very true indeed
did it work ?
i am not sure that is true . they are now printing incredibly strong aircraft engine parts that boast that they are stronger than traditional methods .
if more people knew how their factory farm meat was raised i doubt they would have much of an issue of you shooting your own healthy free range animals to eat .
pittsburgh platter is a real gem .
damn , reminds me of a few holidays my family have been on . despite what most people try to say , coastal cornwall is the shit !
i just wanted to lay down man .
or you give up on the crumbling biscuit and mix it in with whatever hot drink you made . bonus if you added extra milo .
wow . for me it was 1995 , also in my college ' s computer lab .
there ' s actually a word for the pleasure you got , it ' s called autism .
it ai n ' t easy being green .
will vouch for the vortex pbt . i have a blank set and the stock poker ii caps which are top and side printed . very nice caps .
i was thinking the same thing . a little more fake blood and some distorted guitars and you have a gwar show .
thanks . not fucking moving to ohio or pennsylvania anymore .
the machine at the royal albert is just behind the bar so you can watch while they can your brew - amazing looking bit of cogs and metal , very cool indeed !
getting out of town almost certainly increases your odds of finding a better field of them .
graphene is n ' t graphite , and graphene ca n ' t hold charge very well .
blonde hair is n ' t seen as a crutch . grey is n ' t natural for a 22 year old . that ' s why it ' s different .
the only real difference is os , apple or android . even my shitty first gen android can run almost all the news games in the app store .
i think they meant girl - friend rather than girlfriend .
could n ' t have been marquis , there was only 1 runner on base when he gave up the dinger .
i never consider research to be a stipulation of what makes a luxury good or bad . if you ' re playing the game , you ' re going to wind up improving them at some point .
what crimes did the croatian army commit ?
i do n ' t know what kind of slivers you ' re playing against , but the slivers i ' m up against do n ' t care about defender at all .
oh wow . i did n ' t know that was a thing .
did you think you would get a course on oral sex and strap - on play ?
violent diversion ? was n ' t the scene in the book way worse though ?
are you seriously defending the use of a two - way mirror in a women ' s bathroom ? i mean seriously ?
it ' s not just about how hard you work . it ' s about the value you bring to the table . the job of the ceo of 2000 employees can involve value twice that of one with 1000 .
feel free to do that i recommend you just join the group thats a direct way into the tournament thanks so much for the support ! : d
he should have just made it look like a homeless person .
they have had plenty of smash - only events that have fairly large turnout . they are n ' t that small . granted , they can be annoying sometimes , but that ' s not really relevant
are you kidding ? we forced a miss . all you do is get the rebound and it ' s our ball one possession game .
iran is also one of the most water deprived countries in the world , would you be interested in founding an organisation with us to combat water scarcity ?
thanks ! you hit the nail on the head . it will work either way ! oh the tree is about a foot and a half of main trunk .
was it from your cool vampire queen friend ?
pretty weak , well not that weak , but not strong . she could n ' t control squirrel girl and she could n ' t keep control over a large crowd .
brutal legend was so freaking good . i loved that game . so many references and cameos .
and she ' s on canada ' s polymer cash
just a distant part of space . our time streams are not different .
oh god , i see it now . i thought the iron was off .
pav did not play well tonight .
you just have n ' t found the good parts , whatever . honestly , i kinda feel the same about baltimore .
last night i had a dream about two hot guys , and neither of them seemed to want to wear shirts . i ' ll go there please .
oh , right , one hole , not one dildo . thanks .
the bagger was my first saved vehicle and im so glad cause i never knew how rare they are .
how do people die before impact ?
well theres nothing in the notes about gaz so no to answer your question you should have read about yourself . also i guess i just have a separate playstyle than u
it ' s not stuck . it ' s being saved for an afternoon snack .
my kitty that lives with my mom is a slinky black cat , prettiest kitty i ever saw .
dunno . fabric tubing is used for all sorts of stuff .
yea batman kept taking out the criminals at the top , but never fixing the problems that created them . he just kept re - creating a power vacuum , creating super villains .
ironing can help a little bit with this . i do n ' t think it ' s possible to completely reverse the damage , though .
agreed .
it is a great venue , good number of people with no waits for drinks . we had an awesome time .
so , you are teaching english language and literature in kyoto , right ? how did you ended up there ? is it some kind of an international program ?
i ' ll go with angus , sounds similar to me and most people i grew up with .
that code snippet is almost certainly not complex or creative enough to be eligible for copyright .
the best part was that he brought a vial to store the tears . presumably to save them and taste them later .
that is a pretty stupid question , but i ' ll give you that it ' s a funny coincidence .
with repairs and purchasing gear when i find upgrades i usually sit around 200 - 400
it ' s not the same though , because they do n ' t euthanize unwanted orphans . you ' re not really rescuing an orphan so much as just providing them with a better life .
i use another non trackball mouse for gaming , but yeah it ' s mostly decorative .
that ' s the name of the actress . she was the insanely hot rich girl he banged to make the waitress jealous .
crawford is better . in both roles . if his defense was good enough .
if they could really stretch that day out into a siege , man , it would be brilliant .
stayed at el portal . did not know there was a safe jump at the end until later , never went back . the cave across the river was awesome .
we did n ' t come here to play phone .
no , veneer has very little movement . you can do very intricate designs with veneer . the substrate is important and the glue , and that is what makes all the difference .
the greek government backs up this proposal .
well the ego remains , it ' s just transfers to that i ' m not appreciated because most people are stupid .
maybe . i used my keyboard budget on alcohol this month
it is a bit bushy , but well kept . maybe i ' ll just shape it up .
why do i need a realistic gun to shoot at a midget riding a four armed gorilla ?
i was more saying that i ' m pretty sure it ' s possible the bear was trained to be fine around humans , or those specific humans .
it ' s ww2 japan , so the capital is tokyo .
12 passengers plus a driver ? and there are 16 broken hips ? how ' s that math work ? oh shit , he hit them that hard ? how big ' s the umbrella ?
thank you for your comment but i lost my father last tuesday . it ' s been a tough week but i ' m ready to move forward .
i must be living in a cave , great song , great musicians . listening to all there videos now . great stuff .
except we ' re talking about football here .
i agree that he is one of the least intolerable tories , but in politics today you do n ' t get a second chance at leading a party .
you ' re on point today , brother .
i ' m highlighting the fact that the gui works better for anything but a kb - m , but i guess it ' s trolling if i assume it ' s nothing but the best pc development treatment !
thanks man ! i ' ll be sure to gift you the right things no to get deleted : p
beat the shit out of a pillow . write angry posts about it . masturbate furiously .
you ' re totally right . i never thought about that , thanks pal ! i really really mean , thank you !
oh idk maybe because it uses the word ebony as a root for a dialect of english that is associated with black folks ?
if you truly believe you could change the opinion of the foolish by presenting facts , then i do n ' t know what to tell you .
clementine is a type of mandarin .
yeah i met mimi in between season 3 and all - stars and she was soooooo kind . very genuine and even helped me fix my liner . haha
for a picture in comment , you just post the link to the picture itself .
this . i tell me students this all the time . people are always looking to get rid of a piano or keyboard they are no longer using .
can they fly ?
nfc west you mean ? the nfc as a whole has a lot more , 14 of the 23 .
the lemon drops are delicious in an energy drink and the brownies are the best weed brownies i ' ve tasted . pretty strong too , usually split one .
artifact drops . do n ' t take the things from the chest if you do n ' t want them . open the chest , if you do n ' t like what ' s inside just press b and close it . saves your key .
definitely , no reason not to since they work in my town .
they probably were n ' t when they were almost on fire .
you know , they speak welsh and still their english is better than yours .
i ' m just so surprised that jr only got two games . i was expecting him to miss the entire series .
fair enough .
that was one of the first dates i had with my now wife . god that place is wonderful . the shepard ' s pie was huge and utterly amazing
cool . if you ' re good at math and like science then it could be great . i have a master ' s but i try to be selective with information disclosure on reddit .
lol c ' mon man , that ' s being way too nice .
oh , smart goddess than ? whoops , sorry .
that ' s the one . she was the first person in the new doctor who that i hated everytime i saw her ugly face and then all of a sudden , the writers make me feel bad she died .
i really hope that this identity theft is not triggering anything m ' lady
hehe . i ' ve spoiled chicken noodle soup , lemonade , and more water than i can remember . the right alt key sticks but that ' s it
punjabi here , does n ' t urdu matches more to hindi not punjabi ? not really sure as i do n ' t know anything about urdu .
not really . person who solves the puzzle first wins it fair and square .
agreed . hurt my shoulders on sept last year , still recovering since the doctor opted for physical therapy . it felt like i dislocated my shoulder out of the ball and socket
because that ' s what the term is for . come on , be an adult .
that ' s probably the one . he has the coolest accent too haha . he ' s happy to talk to anyone .
i never said i made it . ignorant slut .
nice ! you wo n ' t regret stopping by
i ' m just going off what i heard during the game . calm your tits .
did n ' t stop him winning 2 out of the previous 4 against that very style though .
yeah i know but there ' s a song or two that i can see making the standard requirements for a good remix .
ok , but i would think that a friend or family member who is a cop is not going to steer me wrong . obviously a lawyer would be good but free advice is just as good .
did you miss the part about me being in an orphanage ? an orphanage called maternity home number 8 ? does that sound like the type of place that has a whole bunch of money ?
is there a specific website to order them from or does amazon work just fine ?
you try having luca sbisa on your top d - line . it ' s not fun
looks more like a brown sandal to me .
i dont think its just that , the brain probably things sex is done by fapping in front of a screen so even if you had that pornstar irl your tool might still not work .
not sure why you are being downvoted , but if you ride with the lever on the skewer not tightened and secured , you are gonna have a bad time .
well it ' s not proof , but it would certainly hint that we might want to investigate that star closer !
i ' m sure i ' ll meet them all eventually . as long as they ' re friendly i should get along fine with them .
and i think wonder girls were here a few years ago too ?
i for one am withholding my arousal until i find out how old that girl is .
hey , just because it ' s their job does n ' t make them bad people !
centennial apartment has public parking ? i am debating whether i should get parking permit or not .
it ' s a terrible environment . i only saw one argos game but there ' s no atmosphere there . i hope they wo n ' t force tfc into using turf though .
all the physical evidence except for 1 fake for my personal use is going to the secure location with my hard drive .
wait till you graduate , and then wait until you go to grad school , and then wait till you get your first job out of grad school . it really is glorious !
i do , too . it ' s just because we knew the numbers by heart and punched them in probably 1000 times
yep . if you had shown me this with no title , i would have assumed europe .
both mine are paper back but there in excellent condition .
i do n ' t break my yolk while it ' s cooking . i let it poach and the yolk will still be runny , then when i eat it you break the yolk and it gets all saucy and rich and awesome .
it ' ll be no problem once i ' m back from the strange lands people call japan .
yep . i ' m a cpa and was on hold for three hours last week , even with practitioner priority . crazy .
it drives me to feeling awesome and doing whatever i want . i took my two weeks of vacation in one go a few years ago . twas awesome .
same thing . you ' re paying them to vote in your favor .
not having read the spirit probably let you enjoy the movie , actually .
i do n ' t see what ant has to do with this , or his meaty delicious hog .
self - projection and unwarranted aggression is a sign of strong mental instability and delayed development . i suggest getting off the computer and asking your mother to take you to therapy .
rodney king got his ass beat and la went nuts . 23 years later we get a new rodney video every couple of days now and half the country cheers .
operator : what ' s your father take - away your mother ?
and a magic card that does something that i do n ' t remember .
58 to 60 seems to be the range of hardness on most razors that i could find that information about .
unidentified submerged object . it ' s the underwater version of a ufo .
i pray that you ' ll be able to accept what life faces you with , and that you ' ll find good treatment and care from your doctors .
you ' re the first person on reddit to catch it , finally ! and thank you !
they are n ' t obsolete and i doubt they will ever be cheaper .
fuck . braces .
seriously . did he loose his foot ?
multiple variables , but diet was highly important .
i do n ' t know why you are being downvoted . it is a silly question . caffeine keeps we awake , why does n ' t it make my hair grow .
thanks a lot . completely overlooked that .
having your spleen hit is a fast death ?
it ' s by county so there are plenty of small towns where it is required , but for now there are only seven counties here that do require it .
to be fair , nurses are at high risk of addiction .
see how welcoming you are when you ca n ' t vape in the vape shop . slippery slope
it was a thoughtful gesture from my sister .
riven already got nerfed and is fine . learn to play against her and stop bitching about her .
a goober is a peanut . you know , like the candy .
i ' m a pretty nice guy
yeah i ' m aware for getting sniped from orbital , the umbrellas are much better . was just pointing out that the catapult can shoot more than land targets .
it would hide part of it .
this one was for laughs , but sometimes they do attach an explosive to the tip . i do n ' t have a source right now , but i ' ve read about it and saw a video . i ' ll try to find them .
darker nights ? there is a brightness slider which i have on the lowest setting and at night i ca n ' t see anything . then you have to rely on headlights : p
what noise is this ? give me my long sword , ho !
unless both parties are willing to engage in the conversation and does n ' t prohibit working , i think is totally appropriate .
i could n ' t agree more ! when all is said and done , she ' ll be a good example of the peter principle .
argo ? argo tea ? delicious chicago tea cafe argo ?
i think he means stages where you are driving through a forest with medium dirt but then it turns on to a paved road . it would be nice to see .
part of the ship , part of the crew !
just making a point .
to be fair , the game came out only recently , so it ' s still a relatively new mechanic .
no my feet just go numb . it ' s weird because it ' s pretty much happens everytime at 40 minutes into a run .
i live in new mexico and shipped a good one in from cincinnati . you can always find something if you look hard enough .
deal ! i think we are already friends , so my town or yours ?
hey , at least ah punch you in yo face for 800 dmg at lvl 5 is original . kappa
he just recorded a song for this fight . and he ' s gonna come out to his own song
dear science , your mom thought i was big enough . sincerely , pluto
i ' m kind of a neutral ned on this myself
i am horrible at this . i will get a fight at one point ! but guess this is n ' t the one .
i tried looking on ebay for stuff here in australia but came up empty . the market over here for this kind of shit fucking sucks .
i was thinking this same thing . wow , twenty assassinated emperors during the roman empire ' s existence .
same here ! i think that it would be really fun to activate them to see and hear about a side story plus interact with them . it sounds like it could be really interesting !
where did you find the offer ?
true enough . except fuck the trade federation . they ' re comcast of star wars universe
it is ! such an adorable dog
hello , sorry i ' ve been offline for so long . please reply to this when you can get online and send me your egg .
have you ever been to texas ? drinking and driving is common . a simple google search shows that texas is a bottom ten state for dui arrests .
nuclear usually implies there ' s some actual fission or fusion going on .
ca n ' t find it , maybe our admin account is missing some permissions or something . i ' d hate to contact support just to find this mythical noc view !
it ' s an attempt to encourage more women to play , as they ' re sorely lacking in high level tournaments .
it ' s beautiful man . i love him but i just can justify the cost right now ! trying to make an all wild team .
edd , if it please you , bring me the guillotine . off with his head
what about a friendly nation ?
no , seagulls are evil . pagan seagulls might be the worst , though .
try looking on snap - on ' s website
i ' m actually against almost any form of hacking , but i ' ve got to admit hackers would be able to pull this off , seeing all the kind of crazy stuff they do .
it ' s a legit last name in india , actually .
yea still does n ' t change anything . but fair enough , you ' re not wrong .
but if you can save eleven , then you can save twenty and let one die .
i really wouldnt put it past him - he drew a picture on the back of my prescription note .
gun terry pratchett .
been to various ska shows in l . a . honestly there not weak and sometimes more brutal than punk or metal shows . although i have only gone to backyard shows .
is that just to avoid bringing extra attention to their designs until as late as possible ?
oh absolutely the emperor ' s new groove ! most underrated of the animated films of the 90 ' s . glad you reminded me of it . look at me and my bad self !
no , its because you are female . you get to chose from literally the entire division including the chain of command who you get to marry .
that ' s what i thought she did n ' t tell him . in fact i do n ' t even think she told her friends .
all boobs secretly went to butt - town !
a girl with a dick . it ' s a japanese term and more popular over there .
it ' s not in the game yet . ea is launching with just commando , berserker , medic , and support specialist .
his version of hulk is a lot more interesting than most of the superhero movies released today .
yup .
it ' s byob . we do n ' t sell alcohol yet .
i did the nightmare frontier at a later level , so it was n ' t as frustrating as it should ' ve been . except the brain - thing near the end . that just felt really cheap .
zbo is love . zbo is life .
what he ' s saying is a one room recharge item that uses the lemon party ' s effect , not lemon mishap ' s . lemon mishap ' s is much smaller .
indeed . same goes for the protein world case .
sometimes people die of things other than old age . weird , i know .
i think that feeling goes hand in hand with tlou factions .
just watched it , while very gruesome , the gif shows the climax of the ordeal .
otis does escalators and moving sidewalks too . basically if it ' s a mechanical people mover in a building otis does it
did they push up the release date ? last i heard the reviewers are still under their embargo .
wow that ' s sounds really cool
i hear you ! another reason why they do n ' t really make sexy bras . lace does nothing to support the mam ' s !
well , no internal decision made , no fear about it all getting investigated later .
i ' m referring to the definition of the word . lower case .
she ' s in the usa . i will try the library and see if there are books available . there does n ' t seem to be too many options .
that ' s what i have been starting to wonder . i feel like her quick would have to be half the length it is now for her nails to not touch the floor ever
gin is way too dry for my palette . just my opinion
that causes some interesting effects with boats sometimes . do n ' t go swimming near a marina .
just the thought of a white walker having to take time out of his busy destruction of the warm - blooded to discipline his son is really funny to me .
wait a minute . dogs do n ' t talk !
could you elaborate on your path from a science major to ib ?
good point , i ' ve always using font - awesome for that , but does involve a bit of work calling that in .
do people here not understand the long term effects of steroid use ? they do n ' t just loose all that muscle and mass .
have you ever ridden the new york city subway ?
it ' s weird . there ' s a lot of misunderstandings and misinformation out there , but at the same time , only so much we can really know at the moment .
muller is a beast unless you absolutely need the speed . his shots and especially positioning is crazy .
as long as i ' m punny , not puny !
seriously . dude plays unbelievable but is 37 iirc ? hossa is a fucking machine .
i ' m not sure if standing against homophobia counts as being on a high horse .
pretty sure that reference is going to go right over ops head , but thanks for making me smile .
i wear l but i like how xl fits . if you like a kinda baggy feel you ' ll be fine .
same ! any kind of pun ?
you are correct . please see my edit .
if you were go the way of the expansive interpretation of the interstate commerce clause , anything can be a public accommodation lol
realising solutions do n ' t happen overnight and having faith in a manager ' s ability given past performance . intelligence .
i like both , but i do n ' t know why the cambridge comma gets no love .
well his comment was said in a joking manner . he was n ' t trying to be a jerk . the tone gets lost in the text .
ha ! vine links are automatically muted for me , so i havent even watched it with sound yet
i think there was also one that was burnt down by someone smoking crystal meth in a hollow it had . shit happens , but trees will continue to grow and outlive people .
and yet when the opposite result is the case this sub is always very quiet about it . almost as if this sub is just as biased .
nord is a race , not a class .
til what i should drink after cross fit . or before i go on a three hour drive to the next town . did he have the mitb case on him ?
it should smell like haze . spicy .
just the fact that you ' re judging someone ' s experience . its like youre some kind of lsd master or something .
riv is just is kind of a bad actor so sometimes he sounds fake . sometimes his excitement and what not is just not believable and kind of awkward . no comment on phreak though .
please do n ' t make assumptions . i am a zionist and absolutely support this deal .
do any of them ask for sex ?
i see your point . i ' m not saying you ' re wrong . however it ' s better to tag everything as nsfw than nothing as nsfw . it does n ' t do any harm .
that ' s sulfur . i ' m pretty sure that ' s most common in well water , not city water .
how did you download it ? my youtube downloaded stopped working after they switched to html5 this past week . what program did you use ?
sex is only dirty when it ' s done right !
you sound like a cool guy , can i come to your house ?
he pissed himself laughing after he heard what he had done ! we still laugh about it
lol i just realized i ' ve argued both sides of littlefinger ' s traveling powers in the last hour .
i hope you were old enough to appreciate that masterpiece of cinema . sure you missed out on jaws , but your mother substituted it for another extraordinary film .
the one guy on the field . one card in hand the other medic in hand . and i drew 2 more cards . he used decoy on my spy and i used decoy again on him .
that is not true . god came to pili and kev when pili was hoh . that ' s the conversation kev was referring to .
hi ! piggy backing off of this , i have found my partition is now too small , how do i make it larger ? thanks !
right , i ' m thinking of a shelf . well , time to rewatch seasons 1 - 5 .
i wish . but i also need to buy food and stuff .
i think it looks more like an itty bitty vagina !
wait ? no , he was saying that a few seconds after the picture in question jeff had his hand on britta ' s shoulder . to phrase it another way , it ' s just platonic shoulder holding .
never played that game : p but if that game runs smooth , it means gta v should too ?
last match , an enemy alch tried that . we killed him 5 times before 18 minutes and won at 28 . it ' s not as easy or good as people make it sound .
i was going to say that he put a glass cannon to his head , but you beat me to the general concept .
lol awesome . i thought everyone was a redditor !
well if a company with 3 . 4 billion revenue pays less to their ceo , it does seem out of sync .
where can you buy name patches ? i tried looking for a throwback gurley one to put over a stacy jersey
well let ' s see i have n ' t heard of a single case of a group of men teaming up to falsely accuse a woman of rape . so what do you think ?
do you seriously not realize how this is a double standard , and is the exact reason why i brought it up ?
check for a penis . it does n ' t always mean you ' re a man , but it ' s a good indicator !
i hope so too , i mean when the tweet said album they might have meant the full double album , so a digital release of jd could still come earlier
dude , someone has to use that book next year .
no problem . also caveman ! with dr . barton was a good class . real easy too
shot is maybe a bit too harsh but i certainly think people like scott lively should be tried for crimes against humanity .
this is part of the reason stitches cost so much . it ' s called stealing .
i think she is working out an issue with the packaging and will be re - releasing them soon . i ' ve seen her post about them in the dg facebook group lately .
yeah , i am done with marlene . i do n ' t believe a word from her .
or , in browsers like chrome which have search built into the address bar , still type www . google . com to visit the main page to do a search !
weird colouring ?
my bf is on board with early retirement to our pygmy goat farm .
i bet there are just a ton of babies in 9 months . if there is a snow storm i bang , so i imagine same thing happens if the tv goes out for an hour .
not the social club i hope ? you have to install that not copy paste .
those are both modern ka - bars . the top one is obviously a tanto , and the bottom one is a standard ka - bar bowie .
do i cut the skin off ? just toss it in boiling water ? former pasta - eater with serious cravings lately needs to know .
thank you . if you have a medical condition , a medical bracelet or a card in your wallet with your information and blood type are very important .
i feel like that rule is overly arbitrary . source : i work from home . my boss bad touches me on the daily . i like it .
can i use length contraction as a valid excuse in that case ?
i just do it cause it looks cool , its the vinegar that really keeps the egg together .
not really . biggest difference i notice between a trim and nug run from the same extraction company is that the nug run usually has a stronger and better flavor .
i like it . world domination through puppy warfare .
how about you tell us why we should listen to you in the first place before you go trying to attack somebody else ' s background .
hahahahaha i am excited for nasa ' s fission drives . yes they are in the works .
i used to get pretty depressed about it when it first happened . but now it ' s not so much of a big deal to me . i ' ve learned to adjust and i try to look on the bright side of things !
just stating facts . honestly b it what you like but be prepared to deal with its problems . but those two are some of the more reliable options .
you missed a hell of a fucking show . lots of new stuff and vip edits of his older tracks .
take care of the guy behind me fox !
so how big are we talking ? 30 ?
this is all reliant on pub farming , mlg pro competitions are n ' t exactly common . or are you ignoring a large portion of the actual game to focus on a few select topics ?
i have not but i am always open to more books to read .
what do you enjoy doing outside of music ?
the fa cup ?
big big whale ?
for real . when your boss breaks a window with a dry erase eraser , maybe you ' ll understand what a freak out truly is .
what do you drive ?
no . you can put it in the refrigerator for a couple of hours to let flavors blend . if you have more will power than i do , that is .
i mean , a detroit frat party selfie sounds creative enough to me .
if i had to guess it comes down to inheritance . the opacity property affects children as well while the filter might only affect that one element .
i cracked up through that whole scene , i can never not laugh when she ' s on screen .
exactly ! so often we read about how difficult it is for abused partners to leave a relationship , ranging from basic support to financial resources , so hopefully this is a great first step .
i worked at a dairy queen . fucking in the managers office or freezer was common .
she probably does n ' t , no , but read the title of this post .
someone put out a stabilized version of that shot and it was better . that ' s not a good sign . confusing nonsense is n ' t cool .
i do n ' t know about the sports bars , but the motorcycle guys are everywhere . and they ' re not so frequent that it ' ll make living there unbearable .
it ' ll be years to do and he ' s already lost his money in the original ruling . if he were just a mod i ' d have some sympathy , but a lot of the argued comments came straight from him .
yeah i did , went on to do 4 . 5 k spotting and did mission , that bit of luck was what made me start recording my games , in the hope i get some more , nothing to report of yet however .
i have the whole match recorded on my tv , i still cringe and get nervous in the first half .
actually , this one is from armed and dangerous . who ' s harry crumb is great too . source : 37 year old 80s movie nerd .
you can keep going around my responses , but you have not addressed what i said . you are proving my point every time you do that .
bats and supes do n ' t , but they still have to introduce lex , aquaman , cyborg , wonder woman , and possibly flash . that ' s a lot of characters to bring in and still keep a coherent story .
true story .
there ya go , buddy .
look at his channel 1 in 4 videos contradict every argument he makes he might be special , a man who forgets were hes loyalty lies just so he can get views . cancer of the mind he might have
switzerland is n ' t even in the eu . and the german government has no say in this - the german eu officials have .
people who actually have a sense of syntax and punctuation . honestly , i did n ' t understand your point .
if i did n ' t want your advice , why did i post here ? why do i care what some other sub says about asking women advice ? i wanted to post here , so i did
what would tune it up then ?
if only . the treasury department does currency control , which gives them the ability to affect the exchange rates .
well the anti christ is n ' t a single person , it refers too those that deny christ not that most christians would know this
it ' s difficult at long range but in close quarters , it ' s useful to avoid ap snipers .
i could see how someone might fine his voice annoying though .
same , but people like to assume even my significant other so i keep mine in a filing cabinet next to my desk .
if lobs were the only legal shot in tennis he would be a straight up god .
if we were doing our part , we could be a much stronger advocate to the rest of the planet . europe and the us are onboard . the outliers in the developed world are canada and australia .
i got leave buster for the dumbest shit . it is a shitty system .
elections are scheduled to be held in february to help strengthen the central government quicker in hopes that we may begin the process of rebuilding .
night is like dark blue or something , uv is black
the law is the law is it not ?
have you found anything that helps ? i used to draw quite a lot as a way to help with anxiety and i ' m worried i might loose that if it gets much worse .
out of curiosity , what happens what you try to heat cast iron for a situation like this ? it just takes too much to do any good , or it gets dangerous ?
our pass defense over the middle needs some serious work , but i agree , the defense is solid . we need an offense that can get some time of possession .
maybe that is heaven , you get only the good , hard working , productive people who listen to your every word . seems like a perfect set of workers you pre - screened .
they are very similar . the only phrases i know in urdu and hindu are so similar that in a country as large as india the difference could just be an issue of accents .
yeah , it proves that i called this out on bullshit before you even replied to me . now shhh .
which part of it was overly magical to you ?
yeah and blake was coasting too . his efficiency is the most impressive part of the stat line
that ' s like a guy who thinks his wife loves him when in reality she just does what she ' s told so he does n ' t beat her bloody again
half a stick of butter .
well , de boer ' s version of dominating games completely differs from the actual word too so i ' m not surprised .
just wait until someone hooks your hand .
yeah . i noticed in all games airports are so small . that would be a very small executive airport
fact : i curse and bind you to nothingness human scum .
ow man . there ' s also an episode with the lonely elephant . might want to skip that one also . toughest moment in the series by far .
well to the plo they are soldiers , i ' m not gonna argue that they ' re soldiers and not terrorists , but the plo disagrees .
can the peasants play tf2 with a guitar hero controller ? i think not .
i ' m not a kike and it was catholic doctors who did mine . i ' m not living my life wishing i had a piece of skin on my head .
if fred talks long enough you forget he is n ' t ira .
its my shift til 2am . nobody else can watch tonight
i ' m not even ordered on bed rest but i live on my couch now haha . all my food is around me or my dh gets it : d
in particular , the regen only works while you remain confused . a potion of curing would similarly end the regen effect .
in the u . s . trespass is purely a property tort . idk what its like in canada . the umbrella term for battery and assault is intentional tort .
i ca n ' t gender lock as i have never seen ghastly .
i believe they tried that , but it did n ' t go over well at all . i ' m personally not a fan of it , especially for game threads .
i believe it is . i have n ' t personally heard it anywhere else . the movie is the animated series batman origin story . it ' s incredible and i would highly recommend it .
is ground the same as earth ? i always forget .
i get the feeling , neither does op .
how fast were you going ? osborne is like 50 at the best of times and is usually pretty stop - and - go between the lights .
i do n ' t want to die of alcohol poisoning though .
nope . they do n ' t . they should , though , since the vikings have huge weaknesses late game . bombard cannon would at least help them fight off siege .
i ' m getting this thing of beauty framed
na - ah m8 , afghan rambo will season your steak .
as with all apple products . the hardware is amazing , the os is ok but simplistic so it appeals to the masses , but the software and support is a migraine headache .
it ' s not as if the dm knows each player ' s bonus in every skill . maybe the dc is 30 , but the rogue took expertise in that skill and has an incredibly high bonus the dm was n ' t aware of ?
i get the feeling that one bit was holding the thing in place and once gone the rest was inevitable .
by burning co2 , i mean burning natural gas , and thus creating co2 . i ' m guessing you have n ' t grown plants indoors before .
she does n ' t like meat but her food has animal protein . we do n ' t tell her tho , let her believe she is vegetarian .
3rd world country problems . i have bad connection problems . lol
i guess you could turn the ac up to 11 ?
i ' ve played with a similar deck in the past . i think it ' s something i ' d play around with and tinker with over time .
yep . not sure why the downvotes this is pretty typical for prop firms .
so you ' re saying it ' s my fault ? seems like a stretch .
just use ground instead of an output pin .
well you could move around those perks some to fix it . i just think extra con is a solid perk for the medic in either non - smoke build and it would go well there .
alright its uploading right now . taking way longer than expect for some reason
that ' s another chatroom i do n ' t use . i ' d rather go into hots reddit mumble and look for people to play .
lol sounds like me when i was 13 listening to those bands . i was totally not a pussy when i was mall ratting in middle school .
i wondered the same . did we ever find out what the unsafe part was ?
but then how will you get the chipotle ranch mamma ?
it was a combination , i think , as this was before the days of red iodine .
i really do n ' t know anymore . i ' m confused . i think it ' s my brain trying to tell me it ' s time for bed .
well fair enough , but it does n ' t say that on the card .
and bush sr . was director of the cia , yet that information has been intentionally hidden from the public . at least the russians are transparent .
seems to be a problem with east asian modeling photography . over - reliance on graphic designers with sub - par photoshop skills . or do they prefer their women to look like plastic ?
i think they are actually in parallel . which would result in a lower impedance .
fema is closing down businesses for the operation .
if you want to snort tar , make monkey water by mixing your dose with a small amount of water . either that , or you can transform it using baking soda .
certainly , although baseball adds another level considering the force and weight of the ball .
it ' s from the future imperfect mini series . it was published in the early 90 ' s .
you had cat wine for your 21st ? lucky .
nah man only had the box set i was still a young lad watched it on vhs and history channel during late night reruns . will definitely look into it
maybe the show will stay true to the roots of the comic . or maybe it will branch out .
praise buddha - jesus who will come from the sky on a white elephant announced by a rainfall of red lotus blossoms
i have a year and a half left to get it up i do n ' t wanna go to grad school to be honest
no , his original question was where could he download them .
i ' d settle on the tundra on the river next to the marble . within workable range of lake victoria , fresh water , the only downside is you do n ' t get the fish in the top right .
no , i meant to actually shoot the ground itself if you have a clear and safe shot , not in a general downward motion .
thank you for the reply . we were discussing approaching the school board . doing so with group clout might be more more effective . i appreciate the advice .
not dead yet , just in storage . ck has n ' t said that they wo n ' t release a converter , i believe at one point they mentioned it being possible .
ancient history is the aggregate of past events from the beginning of human recorded history to the post classical period or early middle ages , covering the two periods you mentioned .
i also do n ' t mind levels since when i ' m doing some simple farming , all i really need sometimes is just the leader skill .
blasphemy at its highest , my bad guys
carnage is a fucking joke lol he does n ' t care about his fans or his music he cares about being famous .
sure , at the end of the season . you seem to forget that for most of it though everyone was complaining because there were only 3 junglers .
definitely keep on using that ! keep on with the ice too , the swelling is the main thing right now . i ' m almost 4 weeks post op so i ' ll be happy to answer any questions you have .
can they also take care of the excess length at the end ?
thanks man you too .
it ' s the flag pants that seal the deal .
i did n ' t know that miami power had any connection to dam companies . i thought it ' s mostly flat over there ?
i found a local guy , so i ca n ' t say as far as online companies are concerned . if you find someone in your area that does custom rings , you might be able to talk them into working with you
paint the toilet so that when you poo , you see the kraken ' s head .
i do n ' t understand what point you are getting at . yes , it was a lucky shot . but who cares ? they are up 2 - 1 , and at the very least the played level with the cavs tonight .
yeah i ' ve seen those , believe me if money was n ' t a factor i ' d totally get them
preach dat rant , bro !
i see . that ' s kinda what i assumed , but was still curious . perhaps i ' ll give it a try for fun some time anyway .
i ' d say there ' s more likely going to be twice the usual number . looks like somebody needs to learn a bit more about the birds and the bees . or , in this case , the bird and the bird .
this can work too lol is a huge success they can do something like a solo game fps where you play lucian and you have to go to shadow isle shooting stuff : 3
any sort of evidence or source ? or you just love trashing on israel because ya ' ll are salty due to losing the war ?
nah , my mum makes baby tea , i like mine brewed for at least five minutes .
at first i thought she was black .
she has makeup on her chest . you can tell by the 2nd pic .
the entire cult died during a mass murder - suicide shortly after the assassination , so there would have been no point .
only one was better than every single piece of music last year combined ? your a fucking idiot mate
never played the game but the books were awesome . i think they are under appreciated as fantasy novels .
yes please ! i ' d like to look at the family tree more , but it ' s pretty cumbersome once your dynasty grows to a certain size .
i havent had a job in 12 years . in an urban environment , being a hunter - gatherer is pretty easy .
oh my good god . i was . it took me like twenty minutes to find that gif .
you dont have the choice to pronounce a name however you want . its called the english language .
and i ' d like to thank visa for my rewards card . nothing better than free money .
his name is ike but we also like to call him rear admiral meow .
i have at least 20 of every gem .
yes ! best mouse ever !
it ' s a salmon flavored fiber cat treat he gets as a snack .
my sister had one while she was at uni , it was actually quite fast .
hmm true , but does n ' t that usually involve moving your arms to propel yourself forward ?
and then lose to every other class ? genius .
what ' s cool about it is you can paste directly into imgur , no need to create a file and upload it
seriously , do this op . it ' s the more civil thing to do . worst comes to worse , you can still call it in but give your neighbour a chance first .
they only way that can happen is if you make another payment . that ' s the only way to restart the legal statute of limitations .
is that recent ? i ca n ' t imagine a professor smoking in class in at least the past couple of decades .
it ' s hard to type with a hammer .
ah , wow , i did not expect that . i had no idea aberdeen was that far north .
you might be a bit too emotionally invested in this .
ah , that ' s true . well , in that case the wording of the card is simply almost as bad as my apparently abhorrent post .
the only reason cushing missed time was the rest his knee after it was sore for , 2 surgeries . he came , back , better than ever . he wo n ' t miss much time unless people dive at his knees
you can just shuffle away the mediocre card you do n ' t want , ala brainstorm in legacy .
do n ' t know why he needs the glasses , every time they show the booth he ' s not watching the game
second game someone just got a no land beyond . is this just a strange circumstance that ive seen two exotic drops in two games ?
they wanted him to play a game or two to get the rust off and build some confidence back after the san jose incident .
flailing is more fun especially if friendly fire is turned on .
can you not just record yourself ? i love west country accents , but young people there all seem to want to talk posh .
it ' s like playing whack - a - mole . you take one out , another pops up . the middle east is hopeless , why waste lives and taxpayer dollars on it ?
confucius say , one can not escape fart in shower .
it has maybe 7 . and olive oil has better spf .
i take about a scoop and a half and still do n ' t get that original buzz i got on it at the start . will jekyll bring me that pump i miss ?
haha was thinking this the whole time . cracking prepared one liner jokes that are pretty cheesy probably wo n ' t work well with most girls .
krypton is one of the rarest gasses on earth .
i did , yes . was a great tourney .
spider dentist patient here . can confirm . my teeth are in amazing condition and i barely even notice the spider babies growing inside me !
while legally money most places wo n ' t take damaged money .
if they all were drinking the same water why did only some get sick ? let alone a baby with a weak immune system ?
awesome , will do . i was specifically scoping out indian food spots the other day .
what ' s an ice car ?
but what language has the most syllables ? and the biggest syllables ? we must solve this .
to keep the fear mongering up so the data retention laws can be passed .
fear not , the pod wo n ' t be going anywhere . it and thus we will be there when you finish . enjoy your time with the hero club .
are you sure it ' s the same feeling ? do you feel also a chest pressure like the one in sp ?
yeah . he was always one of my favourites , just never took that step up to the next level after his career year back in 2011 .
sour cream icing is a nice , lighter alternative to cream cheese icing .
once they are in the dud pit , they are out of our hands and eod takes care of it . i assume they dispose of them accordingly .
he almost has another d6 charge , so he likely rerolled butter bean into the black bean .
absolutely . i think the data is decidedly on the side on conventional crops at this point but there should always be monitoring .
it was indeed a technically clean hit , but a dick move . i feel like the refs were being a little bit activist , trying to send a message more than actually enforcing the letter of the law .
holy shit , really ? lol that just boosted the fuck out of my confidence , thanks !
stop , i ' m trying to be positive
it does n ' t . you have to be violent too . the clue is in the acronym . if you ' re council - housed and you have a history of assaulting people , you ' re a council house and violent person .
more of a slider than a sinker i think . sinker tends to break down and arm side where as his pitch broke dramatically glove side .
on sunday our fox affiliate plays fox news all morning . so not true
i ca n ' t believe i missed that . thank you !
tt has zero room to talk when it comes to ugly uniforms . your masked rider ones this year were the ugliest i have ever seen in football .
i thought there were dead doves in the pie because the pie was poisoned . i still thought that on my second and third watch .
ai n ' t trying to push religion on anybody , but once you ' ve used up all your science , all you got left is faith .
i can understand people not wanting to buy it , but i somewhat agree , i think i ' ve seen this a few times .
putin was never a head of kgb . he resigned back in 1991 at a low rank of lieutenant colonel . just so we are clear .
happy cake day !
yea , they have a sleepover night for kids a couple nights per year . luckily , i never had to do one of those .
how was he a cunt ? i thought he was pretty funny .
that ' s the market ub replacement right ? it requires you to go a little further down the bottom half of the tree than you would like to in a camel archer domination rush .
who said anything about breaking ? pressure in a small surface area hurts more than pressure spread over a large area . example : stepping on a lego
yeah i was thinking about stopping by to talk to them about it .
i stand corrected then , cool of him to be open about it i guess
i felt bad even posting this but for fuck sakes man he ' s just taking advantage of a personal tragedy at this point .
i think the main issue is that that figure includes every loss in the alliance , and far from all losses were because of the evac .
yuppies do n ' t work at gas stations .
skeletal structure ? your waist is organs , muscles , fat , skin . no bones .
maybe it ' s just him playing guitar and piano
it carries a luxury feel too while still being tough looking . also a rep for being well built . it does drive nicely
the rules are n ' t clear on this point , but i ' ve always taken it to mean you can still cull any die , but you forfeit any glory points if you cull any die other than the one that scored .
i agree , only with the first part , the only reason i like cassie is her second fatality made me laugh more than a few times lol
fucking power rangers .
your dice on your turn , their dice on their turn ! for sure
yep . wise and kind are what first went through my mind .
fuck this sermon . you ' re getting semen .
at at the very end of the game . i just beat the black omen .
yea man we should all stop spending money on this game . then the servers will shut down and we ' ll have nothing to play , that ' ll teach em !
0 . 5 key for me is a tour of duty ticket or any marketable item of the same or similar value .
can yous do us a solid and play ash taylor ? he seems to be good for our morale .
yes , when i saw them they opened with doc holliday , sync ' d with the lights . it was awesome !
wait so then pro controllers work as classic controllers in the wii emulator on wii u ?
the swoosh in the picture is just black . because the swoosh is slightly shiny in finish , the light reflects off it a little so it shows up a little lighter in that picture .
what did you do at your venue ? i work security at mine .
win - win - win . the fans also win because the team becomes better when they have more money to sign other players .
well , then i feel sad for your cat because he ' s frustrated and for you because you do n ' t understand nature
if only you could sleep through the pushing too haha ! if you do n ' t mind me asking : how long until you could get out of bed ?
running tod once is enough to make me want to quit .
tv remotes are great for this kind of training , as are console controllers .
eh ? that ' s his shin guard . if his bone were to come out like that , that sock would n ' t be white anymore .
all while wearing a bath robe .
people can like whatever they want man , i just happen to like kirin and that ' s okay
russia did n ' t annex donetsk .
someone call the mra - police .
jesse does n ' t roll out of bed for less than 100 , 000 views
i hope that ' s the case !
from what i understand , ju is helping to update the sidewalk , lighting and bus shelters just outside the fence , in partnership with a city plan to help with renewing arlington .
they could n ' t . prob only language they knew .
luckily she had something just small enough to be classed as carry on .
thanks for your input . i ' m still new and experimenting with color combinations . any comments on size and fit ?
well em lead from the rear .
jaw popping is played out . i ' m looking for a hip , or at least a shoulder .
i knew a guy who would always bring his puppy flat water kayaking . he ' d stand on the kayak and go swimming . not the same as water with high currents though .
still not quite ready to bowl full pace . when he is , watson needs to look out if he does n ' t perform . need the finisher back !
i ca n ' t tell you how happy i am with angie ending up just being a regular person .
the first 5 . 4 million dollars from one of your parents , 10 . 9 million from the pair , is tax free . your mom must have a shitload of pots and pans .
he is still so fucked unless he pulls out that sword in . 2 seconds .
you say that like it ' s a bad thing .
i know what an it consultant is , i do n ' t know what your point is though ?
i have no idea what you ' re trying to say .
that will probably leave a little more than oil on your face and would be a little shitty .
sexual intercourse . who said there only had to be two at work ? ; p
yup . its a facebook group .
its worth it . a lot of people are not aware of these concepts and events and bringing them up is a very useful way to surprise them .
i do n ' t know of any evidence that there has been a reduction in alcohol or tobacco consumption . while legalization has been a success , it has n ' t been a miracle either .
that ' s because the alliance is genius . cut out all the unnecessary parts of government , let the cities run the boring parts themselves , and then secretly be a military dictatorship .
this right here . a lot of people do n ' t realize how little it can get when flaccid . also , many people believe the average size to be much larger than it is .
he might as well be named , master , darling , mr . darling , sir , husband .
good to know . so many people do n ' t understand copyright , i always advise to err on the side of caution . plus , these might also fall under trademark issues , which is a whole other thing .
i stop playing in 2008 . never looked back .
i got my email an hour ago for 2 tickets . you shoulda got yours by now .
of course . you ' re not done until the paper ' s white .
that does sound very annoying . i hate being reminded of my cheeks every time i try to eat . silly mouths , and how easily chewed they are
it could work , he ' s technically undefeated in ladder matches .
the bar is really clean , and there is a dog in it . according to us health departments those states are mutually exclusive .
uh what the hell was that about ?
i ' d say that ' s a special case , though .
that ' s a rude fucking thing to say about bobo .
you have to go into dlc and go into the gift section . you get there by going to the cat in your house . you download the starter pack and it gives you a bunch of stuff .
and you just gave me the perfect idea for a sci fi short story thanks .
you have to enter the garage from the side that faces the computer and space sciences building .
i was gonna add , her and jean reno had great chemistry .
yeah . i enjoyed the butler mascot puking on the court yesterday , just proves that huskies are the superior dog .
buy three pizzas , pay for a fourth in 13 years
why does anyone else here provide ta or price predictions ?
they support a different team each week , except on derby days
yeah , i bet it could land on duna and ike in a single mission .
man , that ' s different for me . i ' ve never had a problem or even request from anyone ever about rigid fixture connections . even the old timers i work around have never mentioned it .
i was n ' t aware of it , but possibly both . you mean normal hair conditioner for head hair ?
shame , resent that and another one .
holy shit i know what i ' m doing for my birthday next year
they made spiderman work , it ' s definitely possible .
a terrible idea to make the game or a terrible idea to have it on windows store ?
what makes that any different than a band saw ? the finishing is the hard part , not the rough blank .
his friends wanted him to flip .
he was balding even during house . they had to digitally add in hair in post production
i dont have funds in the regular bitcoin client , i literally just installed it to get my bitcoins moved . by the looks of it , the service hasnt sent the bitcoins out yet , its too early anyway
i think tolerance is a beautiful thing . in a tolerant society , people can disagree on things but still be cordial and respectful to each other . live and let live .
do n ' t worry a real person did n ' t play this , it was a tool assisted run
because of the brittle bone disease ? kek
child of light is pretty awesome .
yeah that ' s a good point . i do n ' t wanna rush anything , but i just ca n ' t stop thinking about her . and how we held hands today it was just incredible , i really missed that .
why not just say them in english ? the punjabi one is avatar , the chinese one is two brothers , and the other one is n ' t recognized as a language by google translate . what are doing , man ?
t man is the truth . i miss working close enough to bert ' s to enjoy it .
k i ' ll try smaller sections . thanks for the idea . the first time i did it i was doing a little bit at a time but still saw the same result . maybe i waited too long for it to dry though .
awesome man . thanks for keeping me in the know
yep , i loved playing there . the owner and all the dudes there were very welcoming , minus the one dude that had a problem . i learned a lot of new games there as well .
plot twist : does n ' t matter what i write after the colon . give me upvotes le witty m night meme
if there is a god , they have forsaken me .
i would n ' t call polandball a meme exactly
in germany ? depends , if you want to try , you surely can , but most of us germans learnt english as a second language , so it is n ' t really needed .
do n ' t see any begging from tampa in this thread i think maybe you should save some of that shit for the guy trying to milk fake tit money out of kappa one thread over
checks out . this guy is definitely a lawyers
i second this , quirky is an accurate word to describe what the game feels like . i thought it was a solid game to play , not amazing but nice enough to enjoy and playthrough .
our football coaches wipe their asses with shaka smart ' s salary .
keeping six or seven undersized fish is a bad practice .
i have a dog . and 3 cats . another furry baby is not the solution . idk why my so does n ' t want kids , but he is in ridiculous love with my dog .
he was going to place giant steve buscemi eyes all over the continent , but they were destroyed by native americans . a work - from - home mom had copies at home , and saved keanu ' s contract .
you now realize how the clothes touching your skin feel .
in third - wave feminism , the more you weigh the more credibility you have .
wow , glad to hear it ! definitely lots more you can expect upcoming . i ' ve got a lot in mind for this project . have a wonderful night , bowling .
they looked pretty bad to me .
some rich dude who has n ' t been named yet .
they really ca n ' t wait any longer than this year without causing harm to the software developers . seriously , consumers can wait , but developers need to eat .
i want to know too . i want to build a sex soon and i want the plate to have the same color and texture as the kits in this imgur album .
dad ?
and they say superman is boring . at least superman is basically god in canon . batman ' s power is having an anal cavity large enough to pull anything out of his ass .
the truth is what you ca n ' t disprove .
is there a source for this ? cringey news is always fun to read .
then what should i take out , if it is that good , what wiggle room do i have ?
it does knock out the pain . but sometimes it will send you straight off to sleep though and render you inactive for a few hours after taking it .
it ' s kind of a tradition in catholic families .
are you calling for an eu army ?
exactly . yet a lot of women are n ' t informed about this and have a certain expectation , hence the suggestion to figure it out before the purchase to avoid disappointment .
how fast are the speeds though ? because we have really cheap options in the us too but it ' s the speed and reliability that is lacking with said data plans .
it will depend on the map , adjusting brightness can sometimes help with this , i find they are much easier to see on darker maps than brighter ones .
turn them how ? any force vector as a result of the friction still would n ' t be able to move them as the semi - circle is obstructing the radial arm .
is this a part of the pickup line ?
so , for arguments sake let ' s say he was n ' t a child soldier . does that justify torturing someone ?
damnit , my friends tell me it looks like i ' m transporting coffins
not that bad actually . considering that one dosent have a fuller either
i would guess that it would be easy enough to see if he has any alt accounts that have been accessed from the same ip , and whether any have activity on them .
everyday is patch tuesday when microsoft releases a security update .
just out of curiosity , what part of the country are you from ?
shit , i never thought of that when taking the pic . now i need to return it for a sti !
common misconception , beginners learn to walk on thick air , only after years of dedication and training can you walk on thin air .
they ' re playing the a ' s tonight , i believe .
no , that ' s fine . i understand why you would n ' t allow dream addresses . at some point , there would be just too much content . i ' ll remove it myself .
nope , there has been and probably always will be one special forces pipeline for docs .
legitimacy is nonsense . who determines what is legitimate ? youre projecting your morality on to others when it has no grounding in anything substantive .
go to hot truck . i went back for reunion last year and realized how much i missed it .
also he ' s absolutely livid here . you have to do a lot to make him fight you but when you do , he ' s gonna want your head knocked clean off .
you could take it 1 step further and build a water cooling system that pumps the radiators and water outside . hopefully you live in a cold place
i used to live the normie life , but i slowly began to realise that i was n ' t enjoying it as much as i thought i was .
i talked to a vet and she said he ' d be fine , which is why i gave him a neck and cheek rub
most women start losing their looks fast in their thirties .
its actually a pretty fun game that mirrors ultima online very well . full loot pvp , items break , ect .
yes , it ' s just like germany , as soon as the war ended , all the nazis just disappeared and only nice peaceful people were left behind .
o yeah , did n ' t think about that . we have a dynasty , but it would n ' t matter because my division is still absolute shit even if we re - drafted every year .
yeah , but they e - mail you a confirmation receipt . a lot of people were calling bull on the phone call last i remembered , it is in fact real .
do n ' t pester our lord with your science if his majesty wants to dance wale in mid air we must fine a way to make it so lest we end up in the dungeon again
i would say that tops like that are mostly worn as under shirts in japan . if girls wear tank tops , they ' re mostly with the thicker straps .
on the one hand i want to give him a hug for that , but on the other hand he did all that creepy shit with quinn .
give em stuff that ' ll give them diarrhea
gotta be an hp source : printer tech
mods should ban burns so bad they require medical treatment .
maybe . i suppose you did not notice anything else move ? if you watch it again , does it move again ?
god bless the smell of fresh tarmac . and the experience of driving on pothole - free roads
ah , was n ' t aware some modems baked this in . not an area i have much experience in as we ' re a cell phone only household and tmobile supports wifi calling for voip use at home .
nope that ' s wrong . b12 is important , but the supplement is cheap and we only need it as we do n ' t much like eating dirt anymore .
the rock should look under his seat and see if he ' s won a car .
without liu bei you just do n ' t have the damage . in fact , i ' d say almost all viable green end game teams require liu bei to deal damage .
will do . been to long since i ' ve done some decent exploring
it ' s ok , you live in the emerald triangle . get the dea to do it .
maybe they are gonna keep all the kittens ?
it ' s also 11pm here . normal person bedtime .
i ' m hoping he ' s had a nagging injury and with all this time off , now he ' s fit , because just before all this he had a couple good games and city ' s games coming up are pretty good .
if nobody turns up , what ' s the point ?
well girls love some ass on their man .
oh shit , well i ' m off to barrel hunt . how rare would you say the gun bps are ?
no clue , maybe ? he ' d have to modmail us to get approved . what ' s the new account name ? also we tend to really frown upon that and if it becomes habitual we might hand out a ban .
that ' s fair , it ' s the card it most closely mimics .
to add to this , red beans and rice are pretty great the second time around as well
my animations are on my youtube channel . i ' ve never worked with machinima .
i second this , they ' re very light and since they ' re open , no sweating ! it ' s like wearing two clouds
yes they will sell out , mgs has a huge fan base in collecting versus other franchises .
alpha lupi is one of the best pieces for trials plus the stat roll is quite good . i bought it but i am rolling in strange coins . might be a tough call if i only had a few
you ' re welcome , sergeant sarcasm .
problem for me is it ' s sort of advantageous in my job to have as many friends as possible on facebook . however , i ' ve considered starting a second , more private account .
it ' s what he does . he asks them nicely to explain what they do and beat them over the head with their inability to do it . nicely
it ' s a fabrication . did n ' t you read the title ?
you ca n ' t go wrong with that as a 1 , 2 , and 3 pick . i think it will be interesting to see who that person gets with their 5th round pick this year .
rich people who can afford cars like that do n ' t have to worry about consequences , they know the law , they just do n ' t care because they can afford not to .
napster plus the early days of dsl were a wonderful thing . any song you could think of would begin playing in seconds and the download would finish before the song ended . it was glorious !
i love the kings because my best friends are fans and i live in la , but as soon as its hawks vs kings it ' s hawks all the way , after that im going for the kings again .
ah ! that simon says game is a great idea ! simple , yet challenging and fun . thanks for your suggestion !
yeah , heard daemon was switching stations , but that could be just a big rumor .
or a redhead whose stripper name is tiffany ?
if you are confused you are stupid . in the context of the first day of free agency you are stupid to not assume resign is re - sign
this is also what makes her loss of the power of flight so dramatic .
depending on the size , you might be able to buy a cheap tig for the difference .
nocturne ' s shield blocks the next spell that hits him . morgana ' s shield absorbs magic damage and prevents all crowd control effects when shielded . different things .
does n ' t look like a malfunction . it ' s slowly coming off its high . same with the gauge height .
which is analogous to real - world cancer how ? as opposed to , say , a carrier of a contagious disease ?
i was thinking about buying a quartz banger from her . how is it ?
i remember that windows mobile 6 . 5 did . never used windows on mobile past that version .
the german one i know is not bad . he does know a lot too , but its just the german that he needs to speak is just way to bad to hear for everyone
it really is n ' t the end all be all . but i ca n ' t help factoring in that absolutely fantastic price .
every offensive lineman the cowboys picked , they were ridiculed by fans on twitter . i kept thinking how can you go wrong with an offensive lineman ? now they have the best ol in football .
no dishonor , the families are fully aware , i assure you . it ' s the families that pay for their cheating , and by pay i mean , coughing up the big bucks to do so .
no , it ' s not . everyone gets pleasure from different things . who are you to judge ?
you ' re right . i assumed op meant just to gamble . i ' d think it would be tough to get a bunch of foreigners to staff a casino . my wife ' s family is from nassau .
he should have used a sword . at that distance he could dodge incoming shots and slice the guy ! it would work even better against potential school shooters .
alright , roll for design and roll an extra d4 for stability .
your brother is a smart man .
wait , it does n ' t stand for cherry pie ?
the scene where he ' s waiting by the window for billy to finish , he kinda looks out and back at every one else and he has this look like he knows he ' s never leaving .
some people think that the first thing to do is call police since everything on the net is real .
different calorie counts , but same concept
the latest microsoft office version run on mac osx though !
you ' re being downvoted because there is a lot of easily accessible critiques of rand . i think folks are probably annoyed that you have n ' t really tried to read any .
not sure what a support network is , care to explain ? i ' ve moved 16 times so maybe i just do n ' t really have one .
you mention perl , but as much as i hate perl , i ' ve always seen it as the more consistent and mature cousin of php . not really a compliment , but at least it ' s a bit better than php .
a lot of people go to tyler perry movies . does n ' t mean they are good . we will agree to disagree .
i now want to see an ice fishing sack dance .
fine , the amount of comments on this post is too damn high !
i ' m still running the evga 660 , best value card by far . cheap , great 1080p gaming .
ahh yeah , i just go room temperature the first time and then refrigerator temperature each time after that .
great one . i loved when the dig sneezed . my mom would get grossed out , and i just laughed like a maniac .
when i went to moab , it was n ' t even sunday and the trails were almost empty . i hope you have the same luck !
do you think you are smart or something ? lol
the pace has n ' t bothered me one bit due to his agility and dribbling . he ' s quick even if not fast .
then it is just what amazon has implemented except with windows mobile .
correction , he would spend the whole time before the panel talking about how he would n ' t be allowed to speak , miss the panel , and then claim he was n ' t welcome .
ghost ditto ? that would be awesome !
huh . must ' ve missed that game . if you find it please send it my way .
to be specific , edge lore gives the skill steady hand .
lets not forget its those hillbillies making your company money .
no matter what you call it , it ' s incorrect usage .
thanks , yours looks really sick to . love the walnut . have you thought if doing engraved designs in your stands with the cnc machine ? so many cool things can be done with those !
no thanks homie . the wildlife aint so exotic round these parts .
gotta love when nova used to run the four guard sets ! i remember winning money off them one year when they beat boston college in the tourney . good times .
i hear that they have a bar , but unlike the one in san jose it has a roof .
if used more , price will drop
best thing to do is downvote this post .
it ' s a few hundred feet from the shore , the ecosystem is the same as on land .
i like your adventurous nature , but i ' m not a huge fan of lime . maybe lemon , or orange though . what to fill it with ? cream cheese ? lemon cheesecake inspired maybe ?
you do n ' t want to overdo it , it ' s only for ot games
all just depends if you like extremely hot or extremely cold .
true ! or you could try something like a desserts - only date - cooking together , or really , doing anything together , is always a great gift to give !
exactly . the one time i want the pens to be on tv . well , when we ' re not playing them , of course .
there is no difference people just tell themselves that to create a false sense of morality . the only real difference is its state sanctioned murder so you wont go to jail .
i have the same taste in men as melissa . i ' ll take wren , jason and ian .
this is basically my dream car . i tossed around the idea of buying one recently , but ended up with 2003 9 - 5 instead .
it is not apple run . they largely use the amazon cloud and simply have an apple interface . apple could pay tesla to build a modified car with an apple logo .
i believe that custom move will bring villager higher on the tier list . it ' s like an immovable diddy banana . it ' s excellent with stage control .
have witnessed this wonderful activity . so much pain . always pain and injury . never fails .
an alps was hard to buy with the printer upgrade and all , but we did it .
i would say a lot of isis isnt afraid of homosexuals . that doesnt stop them from trying to kill them all
alberta is in n . america . so the logic checks out .
your sarcasm needs work too .
you are in the wrong business then !
it ' s the standard black mage design really , vivi was just a main character black mage .
hmm john denton of orlando magic . com 1st - anthony davis 2nd - deandre jordan 3rd - draymond green . you may be onto something .
yes you can get heat lamps . they are shifted more towards the ir part of the spectrum , and only give off red visible light .
alas , i am just an ass with no mass , that pines to harass the upper class .
there is literally no possible way this is a race issue . it boggles the mind that people want it to be one
have n ' t finished it yet , played the first level though and enjoyed it though . trying to hold out until i play 999 first .
i wish there was a dismantle api so i could clean my inventory though , thx man and enjoy
if not then scholar . google is n ' t too bad a lot of places they link to are pretty friendly in terms of signing up to their website before looking at full studies .
not people , but georgia has amazing military industry .
it ' s fine boss , thank you for understanding . feel free to resubmit with a different title ! : d
dropped to a high school b squad i heard , not far enough if you ask me . yes its been a salty week
a few ? there seem to have been examples of police abuse on the front page every day for months now .
really ? they count towards obstacles ? i do n ' t have more than 40 though . and i have n ' t been getting them since i think we got rid of the winter update .
yeah , as a nip fan i was thinking that the maker of the video was more into fnatic . might be biased .
mechs play a big part , but they ' re not the focus of the show .
its the same as starting to smart cast in the first place , just do it , you ' ll have it in no time . learn from viktor , easier than trying to learn from an ult every so often .
ooc : girls ask the boys , pay for dinner , and all the things boys do at prom .
basically , hitler also took amphetamines and had apparently in the end a drug psychosis
its like hamas and idf .
did you know that every time you hit the save button , kevin owens feels a bubble of gas pain ?
when he used to give that weird hip toss where he sits down while giving it . i guess he stopped doing it
i agree . they meant that the little guy just was n ' t really prepared for the noise and excitement . he is two after all . great story !
yeah , thought it was worth mentioning . if you ' re on their mailing list they occasionally release some pretty good promo codes . what kind of budget are you on ?
but why cant reddit tell the world how to work ?
i ' d love more information about saltwater crocodiles .
i do the opposite . eye contact with drivers is a thing for me .
damn right ! only one life to live make it count ! : d
one in each pec , and one in each delt and you have 12 - 16 spots depending on how many pins in the quad .
yeah using the f12 menu and seeing the post request works . thanks .
yeah , mine could use a rest . i do n ' t know if i can last through another 7 game series
ssds in general are going to drop in price . it all depends on how long you ' re willing to wait .
cherry . and only a little bit . these little guys are quick to cook and easily soak up the smoke , so big chunks are a waste . i take a hatchet to my chunks to break them down a little bit .
war - emu ' s
ya , i ' ve always been a skinny guy . it ' s nice because i do n ' t have to eat as much .
his jaw will dislocate before my hand breaks .
uh huh , because them having tattoos means they have no ethics and are going to tattoo their kid .
enroll in a higher level political theory class and read the writings that inspired the right of which you speak , get back to me .
i think if they ' re spotted a nuke might do the trick . otherwise they ' re pretty much embedded in ice at the south pole , very unlikely to be stumbled on or attacked .
i specifically stated that what i ' m saying is inherently unjust . if the system makes justice impossible then it makes vengeance the only practical solution .
its the color of grass , pears , and other things that i like .
that ' d be fucking expensive as hell to fill a underground gasoline tank with argon .
my uncle died unexpectedly two years ago , and it was so hard on our family . i hope his type of cancer does respond to treatment .
wait , if someone ' s being physically assaulted in public they ' re allowed to blow a hole in them with a shotgun ?
i had to stop reading reddit . i would get caught up in threads and start writing lengthy replies that distracted me from the workout .
i think a dentist would try to put a fire out , he just would n ' t be as prepared as a firefighter .
it ' s an awkward distance . that ' s why it ' s picked . being fast off the block for the first 100 yards is far more helpful in the field .
yeh that , i do n ' t think you can edit a title .
possibly , if i can get just the keys to work reliably i ' ll probably stick with it for a few weeks . i do n ' t know why amazon does n ' t have browns yet because newegg has had them for months .
smile , rafa ! smile !
well , you ' re welcome to go up there and start tossing the poops in those bags yourself . i think they ' d appreciate it .
that ' s could be a long time to wait . imagine them having to wait while something like quartz ridge or howling pass is being fought over .
japan has serious issues with chinese aggression they wo n ' t do anything if it risks escalating things with china .
yeah , the local degree farm lost a future basketball player . what a tragedy .
that would be my best guess , or superman prime .
chechnya is still part of russia and the guy who made the threat is pro - russia . i doubt that anyone who is not pro - russia is in the parliament of chechnya .
perhaps dinosaurs have more in common with modern day birds than reptiles . for example the public bone , bent backwards just like a bird , even the word raptor means , bird of prey .
no gas stations ?
oh god shad never even crossed my mind . that would be bonkers .
does n ' t have to be the soar feature from oras , just an item that activates fly without needing to teach the hm .
are you in communion with the orthodox church ?
the planting of the taser made my heart drop . the other officer didnt even flinch .
that stuff ' s not too bad
alright is there an established number of meters or should i estimate ?
i believe it ! my wife is the green thumb of the family but i do all right in our vegetable garden .
so sorry about the wait , but i ' m ready to trade now !
with gabe pushing back the time on the steam release to make it seem legitimate .
to be fair , do n ' t you think cotto ' s gameplan made floyd fight the way he did , at least before floyd took over ?
yeah , i was thinking later on that the cashed - up ones would definitely try to buy some class with a bit of gucci
np man hope your results come back a - ok
wait , would you not ?
i had moved on . we both were in different relationships for some time , and now we happened to be both single at the same time . i just decided to give it a try .
actually they would be black .
im sure i do somewhere on my home computer ill look tonight and let you know .
you could n ' t wait until ya ' ll were on the ground ?
yes is n ' t it , i would ask the kids to please turn it down or to put their earplugs in .
me too ! if i ever did change my mind , i always liked the idea of adoption . giving an already - existing child a second chance at a loving family .
nah i believe just water . as long as theres enough inside to equal the pressure outside it ' ll be fine
i actually thought of half life first but this is good too .
sorry i do n ' t know . i ' m on a mac and installing is just as easy as deleting the program .
haha i always say messing about , it only looks average cause my quads are so big haha .
i kind of doubt anything like that could be a thing , so source ?
yeah , keep your finger off the switch , dunn
islam creates that culture . and lets face it , islam has never exactly been peaceful .
or if you see the enemy team doing it to your shuttle , just stand back and goose lol
having known you for two years my friend , i can say that you ' re a very caring person who has made a great deal of progress . keep coming .
oh yeah , i love captain jack !
sexy dinosaurs , ask jeeves . bro , you must be a time traveler , cuz you ' re living in the past .
i thought about it , but that would be green , so i could n ' t burn it this year , and i ' d have to rent a chainsaw and a log splitter since it ' s usually in huge pieces .
chuff caps are a bigger diameter drip tip . it ' s allows for more unrestricted airflow for more vapor .
i think you are probably right but if roma have taught us anything , it ' s that we should always be ready for the worst
you know you watch a lot of porn when you can recognize an ass on sight . or maybe jada ' s is just that memorable .
i ' m well over drinking age . there is alcohol and this is in the petrol side of the spectrum .
greetings from redwood city . you going to the game at the end of the month ?
i believe those engines were actually being fixed , as the woman there told me they belonged to customers .
i wish i could say i just have refined tastes but i eat all kinds of processed and canned food and think they ' re fine . tell me , how do you like your pasta in general ? like consistency wise .
that really depends on individual stations . it ' s not standardized .
acting in bad faith when attempting to appear compliant might not be actual compliance with the po ' s order . you have n ' t found some sort of legal loophole .
this is n ' t ? it ' s a semi circle cake tin and fondant icing
those also work . so does this , as it sets your life to 1 .
it ' s a very different play style and not a straight forward one
language is defined by those who speak it .
the smell , man
the fact that i could n ' t complete cruel is what actually kept me in the game .
refrigerator has been fine for me . i make it sunday night before i sleep , shred it and package my meals monday morning before work . it keeps fine until friday as far as i can tell .
i would agree with that . women in africa are obviously much more likely to be sexually assaulted , but men are much more likely to be actually murdered .
i love john oliver ' s show more than his part in community , but i do wish he ' d do a guest roll one episode .
the first picture in your gallery for example , it puts hillary behind bars . in a campaign context i can imagine this being used by the opposing parties .
2 - 3 times a week on average . but if i know i ' m going to see her , i try not to jerk it 2 - 3 days before that , sometime even a week .
you shitting me ? follow the leader was an amazing album . fuck anyone who is embarrassed of old korn . they were the jam .
agreed . she ' s perfect . so fake .
his line was shit for a solid chunk of his career .
yeah it was a pretty long range shot too . maybe 500 - 600 meters .
competition is competing by being better , not by breaking the system . we do n ' t want nvidia being the major gpu company , we want both .
instant karma saves the day .
i would agree with you there , the motivation needs to come from yourself . however , i feel you ' re are less likely to put something off or give up on something once you ' ve started .
agreed . i thought it was a grand metaphor for what humans are like trying to figure out the meaning of life .
thank you ! the curves are what i love most about the car . i do n ' t think there ' s any reason to change it .
you forgot that there ' s also fries and cheese curds , so it is not so much gravy on a brat as it is poutine on a brat . i do n ' t know why that phrasing makes it sound better to me but it does .
because it has been already invaded by russia .
nope hate the blue lam , but thanks for the offer
yes , front - facing stereo speakers ! forgot the front facing part .
ikr , it ' s like how useless and incapable does an animals body have to be before it ' s considered less than an animal . what can a sponge do ? nothing .
ah , well then i have no idea . the article seems to be missing that rather important fact .
or if it does break it breaks all the way , meaning no use or bad readings ?
indeed , west slav is best slav .
i ' m in the south . it ai n ' t just habit .
never thought i ' d see anything so close to the top of all of reddit referencing chim . good work , rd .
thank you . giving the canucks sbisa was one of the better trades for the flames this season . heh .
the mo zone is actually a horrible place to watch a game .
i ' m in central time and it ' s not dark yet , and i ' m two hours ahead of california , so not for about 2 more hours
oh , the quotes were noted . i ' m pretty sure they ' re meant to imply deceit on the part of the non - pressers . as in , they ' re not who they say they are .
why would you think they are dog friendly ?
probably not , he had a proper warmup and was n ' t rushed into the game to clear up a bases loaded catastrophe
in layman terms , the maximum amount of bc the attack can generate per target .
no , but we are engaged
im very torn over if i ' d want orton or rowan to play the randy roll
yeah the slim pant , big shoe look is completely frowned upon unless it says rick owens on it .
unless the boy grows up to play in the nfl i would avoid that name .
exactly ! i get so sweaty i just need some skin to breath .
they made this seem like only guys watch porn and play video games . what about the girls ? what ' s their issue ?
you mean breweries with a distinct bottle all their own , like anchor ? nah - those go in the recycling with everything else .
i still do not see any reason why i would get one , never mind the fact that i have an android phone , and have a huge dislike for apple products in general . i might be slightly biased though : p
nice . if anything this thread has done , it ' s made me want to try a deep fried mars bar now .
thanks , do you mean fast movements as in mouse speed moving left to right ?
a walk among the tombstones was pretty great and left me wanting more adaptations from the series .
this show looks great !
i got a skirmish done , but now they seem to be broken again .
totally agree . travis had a great day . and hutch had a great outing . love the guy
seems to be working on the version of ios we run here . but i ca n ' t delete previous contexts .
i still care , she did n ' t do anything wrong . i was an asshole and realized i was only going to end up hurting her more than i already had . so i left .
coloration ; it ' s a cheesy reference to the original cartoony shading on the outer edge as a sort of a bad joke .
most animals eat their meat while it is still alive and trying to run away , does n ' t mean i ' m going to .
but what about the reports the police must have filled ? there must be an internal history of what happened
that ' s a good point . i personally liked the fact that mash was able to make the tone shift mostly without ruining the quality of the series overall .
forgot to check your blinker fluid , eh ?
i ' m going to fuck you while wearing boots on my hands
be fucking saltier .
rus ukraine , but more like ukraine tryin to take over russia .
that ' s exactly how germany works in a nutshell . haha
bain could just say one line , you could be able to put it in either lab .
statistical reporting is way more reliable than news reporting and returns similar findings .
seems that they operate it but do n ' t own the building .
roma got drawn alongside bayern and city in the ucl this year , very unlucky .
have n ' t seen you around . i love your plane though
he did end it with that there is a diseased letter for john at the age of 6 . so maybe there ' s a mistake ?
no wait , i got to the part when he got eevee , that ' s it
i thought that was it , but actually she does n ' t want her grandchildren to have dirty feet . i think it ' s a class distinction or something .
is there a list of all the vehicles you ca n ' t store in your garage ? i mean , buses and trucks for example ? can you have those as personal vehicles ?
i hope he does n ' t catch her in bed with another game on
once it starts raining again no one will care and everything will go back to how it was and people will start bitching again in another 15 - 20 years when another drought happens
to be fair , it ' s definitely expected in gta : o .
i think you ' re either remembering wrong or whatever channel you watched it on added that of their own accord and it was not actually part of the episode but added by the broadcaster .
i did n ' t change any trim and need to change where the horn is but have not yet .
it ' s about a group of college students led by a self proclaimed mad scientist that create a time machine . warning : this show gets pretty sad , like , soul crushing .
blink twice if someone ' s holding a pink slip to your head .
haha nice !
i think it was by the americans in world war ii .
indeed . was a good evening . the white rye was my pick , although sadly i ' m on an imposed buying freeze atm .
do n ' t judge a man , until you ' ve walked a mile in his shu ' s .
this is great information because i have been wiping my ass the wrong way this entire time !
ive got one too , and its easy to sharpen and that little semi point on the edge is quite useful . thanks .
he probably means athens , it is after all the largest albanian city . also please do n ' t feed the troll , just observe it in its natural habitat .
i can picture russian porn to sentimental singer - songwriter folk shit .
there ' s much better shows out there to watch if you have n ' t seen at least some of the type - moon shows . its pure fanservice and should n ' t be watched until you ' re a thorough type moon fan
you do n ' t need to have the booty of a land whale for it to be good - looking , mate .
well , more like a potted plant at the moment .
it ' s like watching him become a better public speaker with each presentation .
perhaps he chose to fly with a pilot with ibs .
ehhhh i would n ' t say it was for the karma . i actually thought it was quite interesting . to each their own .
american and english words for exactly the same condition . i should know , my degree is psychology .
yeah , its been a long time since they ' ve been to the city . i do n ' t know why they would continue to skip over chicago all of the time .
yeah , that ' s it . i just assumed they ran the credits for whoever appears in the episode .
russians are having military exercises in the region in response .
it ' s incredibly good . but it ' s also incredibly biased .
they sudo it not to root but to another user .
yes you have to , every action require a week to progress
call 1 - 800 - bad - drug now !
this is false . the nuggets were ready to trade melo to the nets if the knicks did n ' t up their offer . the nets basically forced the knicks hand to trade away their entire roster for melo .
there ' s snow yes but not a lot . we ' ll have to see on thursday . 10 am ? there may be a long line and you probably wo n ' t be too happy knowing you might walk away with nothing you wanted .
that was part of the beauty of that final though . watching soo try to outplay both his curse and zest was like watching a 2v1 , and soo still almost won .
ibs here . this bullshit smells worse than the shit i ' m currently taking
right , plantation owners . how does that make it racist ? and how does that not further support what i just said ?
the juxtaposition of a digital coke ad over centuries - old sculptures is a bit jarring .
horse ?
statistics do show that people with two parents do significantly better than those raised by one . i am not aware that sexuality makes a different but one parent is by no means ideal .
im sincerely not exaggerating when i say this is her timeline photo . bigger than shit on her page .
oh i agree on that ! i thought you meant the safety car situation
the fact that jesus said so ?
there are definitely still exceptions like playing around blood moon .
panini ' s are made in a press that heats both sides at the same time . it ' s also what give it it ' s distinct lines . also , i believe they are made using french bread .
fuck you . every single parish in belgium has reported child rapes by the priest . all of them .
not so much a scandal as a media coup . watergate was a huge win for them .
i thought kill didnt work in mm anymore . it still does in warmup ?
do you get the fish show there too in the middle of cricket ?
dude i live in southern , sovereign vapors is my go to place
or you know on xb1 we do n ' t have that gun .
this is awesome ! i ca n ' t wait to try this now ! thanks your your input rory ! you ' re an inspiration
i saw him at 2 in the afternoon or so last roo . he is not ready to headline .
you know that works . a bit of cayenne or shitloads of black pepper is really nice in baking .
i ' m not questioning you , but do you have a link about this ? sounds super cool .
yes . they ' re run quarterly by the same corporation .
but i live in china ?
oh d : what kind of miscellaneous stuff ? like monster parts miscellaneous stuff ? : d
10am in the morning . on another note , how many days do you think our necessary to see the major sites ? and what sites would people recommend to see , and what is overrated ?
how about a lovely , warm , book ?
so if the cop only had a knife , he ' d have simply stabbed the victim 8 times in the back ?
yea i watched a lot of him last year and really liked what i saw from him . we needed a good , physical corner .
there was a lot of that when i was there and a black female was running . a bunch of car windows were also destroyed . lots of allegations of voter fraud , too .
you ' ve got that really backwards . mob movies are about killing . in real life , the mob makes its money through petty scams .
hope she takes a trip to grand canyon when the crutches fail .
why care about other people ?
i was implying that taking her fortune would serve as punishment . it is really necessary for me to explain every single aspect of this awful joke ?
we ' re just animals and if sex is for reproduction we would only need it every several years .
awesome thank you , i knew there was nothing that high up which is why i was curious .
you missed the point . read it again genius .
is that a law that is on the books ?
plenty do . just look at any talk about norway and sweden and they come out in droves .
cheers to wawa ! the best thing ever invented next to chocolate !
wait til they actually start pushing for the policies they did n ' t manage to get through
i am no chav . and i go to the shops every night and buy dinner .
i ' m not op . i ' m just suggesting that it does n ' t make him an intolerant bigot to be annoyed by this . and that it does n ' t make me an intolerant bigot to not call myself a cis woman .
oh thanks , was just looking at it terrified to think that i might be doing that next year . no worries i guess then .
long before that he had banned automatic weapon sales and even before that he had made concealed carry in california almost impossible .
does n ' t really make sense though . i mean , axe ' s does n ' t make a ton of sense either , but i ' d rather it be unique
no pellet is needed just make sure the skewer fits nicely in the barrel . if it ' s too small then it wo n ' t get enough of a push out to spear the rat . happy hunting !
ok , so light gray pants with a dark colored blouse will be ok ?
i actually did last time i was in town , but it was just a bunch of people playing board games .
i thought our sun is n ' t hot enough for fusion either , but fuses anyway out of chance . it ' s a low chance for the fusion to happen without the heat , but it ' s so big that it happens anyway .
the tomahawk chop has no place in a thinking man ' s game .
i have no idea your level of art abilities , so i just went with most basic to cover everything lol . oh also , if you ' re doing digital , the dropper tool in photoshop is my best friend .
paisley design is what you ' re thinking . i feel like you ' re on to something here .
chinese ! my parents have entire albums those stereotypical asian kid film photos hahaha !
stop being superficial . loot is respawning , but after long periods of time rare items dont respawn . your little test there is not representative .
the thing is that i do n ' t mind long public transit commutes all that much . 1 hour is ok for me . it ' s probably because i do n ' t have to actually drive the vehicle .
i went to my first caps game this past february and had no idea about the mites , it turned out to be one of my favorite parts about going to the game .
you should just describe them as the liberal party , you ' ll upset us lefties less and it would be more accurate .
haha , okay . one more thing , what type of brush should i use ? are camel brushes good , because i found a nice little set .
on a text ? the form of communication with probably the most vague context .
mafia is monstrous . it makes me feel like i ' m on my way to do a mafia hit .
they do n ' t have attachments , i believe that if you look at a kit from an enemy or team mate , you can see the weapon , attachments , and the gadgets .
you mean insulator ?
okay i see your point .
hep from coffee ?
small , normal and big .
i think someone made a quadcopter kite a while ago . basically just a quadcopter with a rope .
i wish i could - my so is obviously conflicted - he ' s a nice bloke but i just ca n ' t respect him . and oddly , not many pms ! his bookcase is likely shite though .
is there any way to sample speeds of players and issue bans automatically ?
i am very particular about who i unite with and i am fond of unruly democratic mobs .
well it wouldnt be murder more like manslaughter as the article stated .
then debate them and convince them they are wrong . you openly admit the majority is on your side .
come - up is just as fast as snorting , it feels cleaner . i would n ' t say it packs the same punch as snorting though , which is good if you actually want to get stuff done .
i have n ' t read it . i ' ll have to check it out !
i was n ' t suggesting that it should remove it . i was informing people that always claim it does and that suggest they should nerf loki by making his decoy not remove backdoor protections .
trespass can be a civil or a criminal act . it becomes a criminal act when damage is caused , violence is used , or in conjunction with another crime .
well i wanted an actual heavy assault rifle that i could move easier with . it ' s still a bit difficult to run around with but i like it
damn , hope you feel better soon , talk about a fucking stash though !
i believe new recruit soccer cleaned up , but caught on fire multiple times in the process .
pff , probably at some cushy ivy league school !
i can see why you do n ' t like our team , and i still hate your team . it ' s sports that ' s how that stuff goes .
fair enough . but the moral outrage of this crowd seems to rival the outrage of the public during the clinton affair , though i was admittedly young at the time .
as the ukulele is so small any changes to it can seriously change its sound , i would be far too worried about killing its tone .
it was a period before the ott rules , and he ' s been fixed now . as in he ' s just human .
get a better regulator . what is on it right now ? cp makes good regs . after that , ask someone more knowledgeable . maybe a spring kit or just a tune - up may do the job .
i thought they were basically irish protestants that wanted to stay in the union .
dang i ' ve heard neuroscience is tough so good luck with that !
mine tasted like magic . i picked up more grapefruit than guava , but they taste similar to me .
lmao . he trolled the shit out of you
i ' m pretty sure gumbo is a rather intentionally made west african seafood and okra soup . i could be wrong about the intentional part though .
i ca n ' t believe we shut them out last time looking at the team playing tonight .
native linguist here . yes , that ' s what it means .
can still 1 shot ? checked , well then no problem : d
does he have five fingers and two hands ?
meaning that it ' s a complex way of performing a simple task ?
yup ! thought the paint jobs were more alike but i sort of forgot what the vw looked like . oh well .
they did so long as you played the game before the bans went out .
a chance for ruben to show his quality .
i ' m alright if they want to talk for a few minutes , but when they draw it out as long as they do , especially with the cliche message they give , i want them off stage .
neither does pizza that ' s been microwaved for 20 seconds
i ' ll give the bottom shelf a try next .
while technically correct as a standalone statement , it ' s completely irrelevant . engine braking does not cause clutch wear .
my aunts name is faith ann and my little cousin is charity hope . i wish i made this up . i ' m from alabama but the family is from michigan .
every country in the world belongs to argentina .
i did not buy it used but i also did not buy it directly from patagonia . i bought it from a separate website .
actually my memory of what the actual food was may well be faulty . good catch .
yeah newsroom pretty much had that interview word for word . i did n ' t know that either .
or go ahead and continue playing in amazing concert halls with top musicians in the world while being sponsored by one of the nicest piano companies in the world .
speak for yourself man i do n ' t want an alley mattress .
pat would be a decent fit . they could use a good defender at the two that can double as an emergency ball handler .
i personally do n ' t find it at all creepy , but i think it ' s better than the comic , at least .
who do you have to kill for it ?
i ' ve been to honduras , never found any coke . just really shitty weed
can you blame him though ? it ' s hard to throw your head at the ground really hard when you do n ' t have a creative reason to .
scotch is whisky , not whiskey ! , an angry scotsman
what about dark matter ?
it must have been just the right amount of freedom , because he is planning on becoming a fellow patriot .
people look at me like i ' m nuts when i tell them to look into cl for work ! i was able to start my business and be financially secure thanks to cl !
yaoi is dudes . yuri is chicks . hentai is just anime porn in general .
many do n ' t . a lot of live music venues get shut down for the same reasons . it ' s all about money and who you know
you can easily get a separate numpad and no numpad on the board means your hands can travel a smaller distance from your mouse back to the keyboard .
all kinds of people have gotten all kinds of wet up in there . definitely something dirty about getting that clean .
my ex - wife ' s dad had a twin and when they were younger they would secretly swap out girlfriends , or that ' s what my ex told me anyway .
okay , thank you , that ' s what i was doing . practice makes perfect then . i ' ll keep it up .
if his butt sees as little sunlight as mine then reflective stickers will not be necessary .
i ' ve used this modem at my previous address with no negative experiences . i ' m sadly not friendly enough with my neighbours , but i ' ll certainly ask next time i see one in the hallway .
i will be buying a case of fat packs then ! lol .
it would take an hour for mayweather to get in position to throw a punch , and even then it would n ' t be a ko , it would just be a slightly better punch than the one reggie might throw .
oh damn , you beat me by a couple of minutes . i totally agree
maybe documented use . from what i ' ve gathered , those who make and uphold the law are not subject to them .
i wish other countries were competitive at basketball so it could have moments like that .
i ' d prefer to think that too but in reality its a tv show and the belt is used as a prop
yep , which makes this a little painfully obvious
yeah well maybe we can build a fire , sing a couple of songs , huh , how about that ?
the boat engine make noise muthafucka !
the answer is someone who wanted to keep the numerical increments on the left and not have to adjust them . the simple solution would be to move the x - label to the bottom of the graph .
it ' s fairly common , though it ' s entirely possible to run out from time to time . yes , and you need to pay attention to it . weapons will break . ensure you have a side arm .
i wo n ' t lie , i miss the real rain storms from back home , but it ' s way more comfortable up here . the weather is super predictable by comparison , and it ' s never too hot or cold .
does n ' t compare to the shit you see iraqis and ana running around with .
i actually recently played a game where for some reason my opponent decided they wanted to mind control my majordomo at 20 health .
i ' m interested , especially in the interior and fire fighting hardware .
brazil is racist ?
that ' s true , but i still do n ' t think a guy that started just a handful of games with murray is going to be a factor in whether murray comes to the jags .
a little pretty girl , you were .
pie is really good in certain pieces like the head and boots , no idea why you got downvoted .
your speakers got depressed , or is that from some work i do n ' t know ?
spain should just switch to catalan .
neckbeard here , who the fuck cares ? my clickbait sit on your ass website is better than your clickbait sit on your ass website !
nice try , batman , trying to collect information on the marvel universe .
i like it as a bar well enough , but the food is very lacking in my opinion .
a box could have anything in it . a lot more sketchy than an obvious pizza .
i bet the woman who ' s body turned into freddy wishes for that ?
i feel the same i feel like he gets in their heads but then i feel he might get into some trouble .
i hope you guys know one another .
then we eat their tacos . life is good .
can you take off your sunglasses ? they ' re making me uncomfortable .
well i do n ' t wash my tea cups but i rinse then with hot water so i do n ' t have to worry about it being unsanitary . but i like having my cups stained with tea most of the time .
please read the article , the kid in the picture is 3 . they ' re not talking about kids old enough to read .
a big brother winner ?
yea , i just thought it was interesting and overall neat to see these tanks still in operation .
this is my favorite comment that i ' ve seen on this sub . a simple upvote would not suffice .
wait , what ? where did my great great uncle make an appearance ?
idk about that . something about middle of the desert easier to keep a water cooled engine cold .
cock pushups ?
enjoy the game good buddy .
i suspect the only soft target is in austin , but i bet they wo n ' t strike there .
i have limited cooking skills . maybe i could figure out some simple vegan dishes that are easy to prepare .
your comment reminds me of the hollywood movie the forbidden kingdom , where the fate of all chinese people and ancient china depends on 1 hero , who is actually a teenage white boy from boston .
yes and no , a gun locked in a safe can do more damage to a baby then a knife you left on the coffee table .
studying there seems like a hassle , i read up on going in and you ca n ' t have food or drink with you right ?
you ' re right . and thanks . i try to be there for my family as much as i can , especially my cousin . i owe her that much . family is super important to me .
i do n ' t think selling any of the 2 was worth it . he should of kept them and use it as a learning experience to never combine them again .
do n ' t forget to wash it down with some wolf cola
these are actually leaked images of david lynch ' s new film .
i upvoted you , but i hope you understand that art is provocative in nature and erotica is just another genre .
which acting avenues do you think are open to you ? theater ? commercials maybe ? i do n ' t know much about film acting but do you think you could fit a very , very specific bill ?
it ' s just a bit of a slow weapon for thrust damage , is all - if you want a weapon with that moveset that deals a lot more damage , you might as well be using the mace .
it does look pretty neat , but also looks like a disney movie . i ' ll probably see it at some point , but to be excited about it as in seeing it as soon as possible ? probably not .
do n ' t compare human nature to laws of physics . people can change .
send them an angry letter .
oh wow , that ' s way better than what i get . a guy could dine on that ! i just get stupid comments .
very likely . volume of water rolling off the roof onto the porch roof could well be the culprit .
this is spider 101 .
op stated above that they are both fixed .
because war , economy and politics are more complicated than what they teach in kindergarten . if you think a bit harder you might figure out why not running out of gas is vital to a country .
interesting question . but then , how much would a lump of krypton cost ? is krypton even a solid ?
oh man . that ' s awesome .
i got that vibe from the paint color , not to mention the red sun on the door .
that hazelnut nectar is so good . i was really surprised . expected a super thick overly sweet brown ale and was completely wrong .
third . from chicago until four months ago , can confirm .
superman has been taught by batman and can wreck people on his level with martial arts skill alone .
taking his mother ' s name does n ' t dishonor his father any more than taking his father ' s name at birth dishonored his mother .
xd le dank meme she probably cried to him saying he needs to get this banned lol , they are both bitches . the funny part is he trapped our nether portal yesterday .
i know a few people that have them on the stairs , it ' s aesthetics
one of our dogs has a tattoo in her ear . this used to be done to many puppies before chipping became the norm for identification .
based upon the hop bill , i do n ' t think it will be similar to dirt wolf . depends on how the hops are added though i suppose .
i wicked love a chocolate bock . darker the beer the better for me .
have n ' t seen any , i ' ve been keeping an eye out for them , do n ' t want to get a zap when i ' m down there haha : p how bad was the shock ?
sorry , should have been more clear . the sod was bermuda , this weed is growing alongside the bermuda .
for sure . there were also a few tapes that did n ' t have the cases or inserts , but good albums . some old death and a few more obituary ones .
i figured as much but i figured i ' d ask just to see if anyone has seen the same issue . i ' ll post the codes when i get home tonight .
i ' m french and aware of the bug , checkmate bro .
they can show certain locations and it looks as bad as allison but when that tropical storm hit , everywhere looked like the pictures you ' re seeing now .
that would be a based as fuck pen ward princess in yo flair .
you do n ' t have recursive ram ? where did you buy your computer , from the past or something ?
that is a good point . i guess the third option would be that the content providers have netflix over a barrel and they have no choice but to do this or lose the content completely .
because both is impossible and a stupid thing to say .
lol guys , this is good drama
shit , maybe i should look in to this profession .
no , you have to click on the link to see it . it wo n ' t open up in reddit .
fuck that , i ' m a man and i hate everything about wearing them and seeing my wife in them .
ya , last semester i took a prob and stat class as an elective . i also thought i ' d never see that shit again lol .
exactly . i do n ' t have to agree with someone to be kind to them .
yes . this . anytime we had a conversation it was like they were just waiting for their turn to talk , not really listening to what i was saying .
i hated playing him in nba live 07 . his shot was money
she ' s got the mad fish - murdering skills .
fuck yeah , red stick !
clear nail polish works well to keep a run from becoming a hole - seriously worth keeping around if you wear tights or stockings .
that is why i added the question mark , it was definitely the issue when i was making custom maps in hammer for css , etc . could definitely be the case with d3 as well .
that book certainly sounds interesting . i ' ll see if they have it
i actually agree with you there . if women cannot be leaders in your religion how are you supposed to respect the authority of female judges , police , politicians or military rank ?
it ' ll happen on its own , no worries . it may be more concentrated towards the bottom , by a bit , but that will totally change when you rack to a bottling bucket or keg .
take another look . it ' s very noticeably a male .
interestingly enough , the house has been in our family since it was built . and nothing has been changed .
i ' m a regular na player on na realms , and i still do n ' t see it in the launcher or the wow client . guess i do n ' t get to send out my before - bed missions tonight .
yup you get the good at i think tier 3 hide ?
can you read ? what did your original question say ?
the test series was so much fun . i hope the toxic lot stays away .
correct , western ukraine was historically polish and stuff while east ukraine historically russian . hence the civil war
angel is n ' t real and knowledge of it and its whedon - show hierarchy is illegal .
exactly . honestly we know so little about the cipher wheel that the symbols could represent anything . maybe the symbols represent specific items ?
we ' re not going to stop you .
some pagans are heathen .
love that sauce , wish it was easier to get in the north east .
if that happened , the entire sub would just stay devoted to the band out of sheer horror at what they witnessed .
jean - luc picard was french , the character , not patrick stewart .
well they did play out the living fuck out of their opponent and are losing . you would be pissed too .
agreed . i ' ve always wondered how realistic the fight between ned stark and jaime lannister was .
nah , you just get a lil hard
ramps are common for ships in general , it ' s not a misc thing . the vanguard and cutlass has them too .
the first thing i remember singing was saviour by lights . i thought i was good , but in retrospect all i did was mimic her . i sound pretty similar , but not quite as high
that is actually so stupid , considering how little bots farm .
we understand , just moderating .
awesome . i ' ll check that stuff out . thanks .
it is very different and in my opinion , much better . it is not a book you can put down .
thru - axle or standard ?
i do n ' t feel that bad . i do n ' t know what a football team looks like .
i have a dog that the same . i tied a tennis ball to a big piece of elastic over a tree in the back yard . he pulls it back and then lets go and chases it as it swings all over the place
so ground beef ?
haha , i did the same thing . i can only throw it southpaw though . did you try playing with it in different stances ?
little bit of music and one of the high pressure spray nozzles and you have yourself the recipe for a day well spent .
oh ! i did not know the order of the fx mattered . i ' ll have to play around with these three to see what i enjoy using .
for some reason i feel like i ' ve seen this in a tv show lol
typically , yes , and the nation ' s great naval history leaves it ' s mark on the name of the flag .
pretty sure he ' s hawaiian . edit : he ' s samoan .
just drove by the construction site for the apple spaceship yesterday , so it was weird seeing this .
my bad , i thought for some reason it was brown this morning . that ' s what happens when you use pad to wake up in the morning .
slow charge , fast discharge .
yah , not really sadly . i have 6 coro rays and 2 language sets already .
totally ! she would love it . the woman is super sweet . she ' ll give you her last 5 bucks and not eat lunch .
do these mods count as a train wreck ?
or ender . but you would n ' t want to waste your time talking to those people .
if they ' re giving him meds , it ' s a psychiatrist .
hard drives are designed so the firmware is write only . once it is written to the drive , it cannot be read back out .
more false accusations with zero evidence .
thanks for the feedback . looks like i ' ll build myself another bench , one that is more substantial .
sure ! and then you can make longer small talks !
too far man , too far
what am i doing this weekend ? clubbing harder than a baby seal .
exactly . but during the plank , you ' ll be on your elbows , so its a little different than the picture in that sense .
really ? can you show me this holiday rule book ?
it is bullshit and should be lowered to 18 . i just got a fake id and it worked every time from the age of 18 - 21 so it did n ' t really bother me .
easy to say sitting home .
the place with the lightning mace and gun spear hunter ? because if it ' s that place , there ' s a giant spider on the ceiling that wont let me go past the door .
thank you . any tips on how to get a tank up there to create a refueling station ?
not when they are doing random small jobs .
was there ? the disneyland in cali was built after disney world in fl - did someone else already have a disney land that was n ' t associated with the walt disney brand ?
i ' ve been watching his games . he ' s been hitting the ball hard , it ' s just right at people . he ' ll start to find holes eventually .
so , maybe jeeves is n ' t working as intended . but clearly , this combo is .
sorry , the why would be because i desperately want to know that there is life beyond our planet .
knee capping is one of the most painful experiences out there though , plus you land on them afterwards . that ' s like a good two seconds of excruciating pain .
made me look .
mine flips regularly , and it is uncomfortable for some weeks . i ' m probably not going to have it looked at unless it suddenly hurts real bad because i ' m not planning on ever having children .
hotels , possibly . otherwise prices in the netherlands do n ' t differ much , i think .
i think if they did storm the base we would hear more about it . they could be planning to storm it however , i do n ' t think they took the town for new boots .
jaden has famous parents though , who seem to raise him right . he did n ' t become famous , he was famous in the womb . you can raise a kid to know how to deal with it
thank you ! i went on a hunt for a nice coral for spring and i love this one but i feel like it might be a bit too orange - y for a redhead .
lucky me , i know how much i want to sell it for without having to read a bar code .
just as good , if not a better idea
you assume i would want a mansion and trust account , along with all the sinful desires that would accompany such ?
i think it ' s fine , but they need to remove the color from the birth mark and keep it in black and white .
word . ca n ' t say i ' ve ever owned a smok product before so thanks for the heads up .
i ' m sitting all day at my desk so i need to get active . they send out two emails a day telling us to get up and stretch lol . they even have yoga mats
it was just weird because there was another celeb photographer taking the shots .
but reddit itself is a capitalist site . they sell access to you to advertisers .
i ' m with you on that as well . but at some point i think it ' s a good idea for humanity to harness the energy source that powers stars .
haha i love osborne beach ! did n ' t know cops visited the area though , so it ' s good to read your story . i ' ll be a bit more careful from now on .
yeah it is still treated . it ' s not like all wild life in the area knows it is supposed to be human drinking water and does n ' t crap in it .
the weapons bench was in revelations 1 which came out prior to tlou .
it ' s a shame that the re - launched ecw was so bland ; christian ' s run as the ecw champion was fantastic .
nice , thanks . will give it a try !
i will never forget how deflated my group of friends felt while we watched the 4th quarter of this game . the worst .
no , unless i was ever abducted myself haha !
cassette yes , but i asked about the tape ? you can clearly see the tape in the vhs transport , but the betamax seems to run without anything .
it ' s probably just cause the quality of my shit varies and is probably cut with other interesting things
you ' re totally right . biology is at the heart of being transgender - it is a biological condition most likely brought about by the inversion of gender - biased parts of the brain .
the leds that are out today match colors side by side with the incandescent bulbs i tested . then , there are the super expensive bulbs that can do a huge range of color .
i dont care for princess ' s whore . leave while you still can stand .
you ' re right ! i was thinking of wwii , and i was remembering it wrong . he was president during part of the korean war , but i do n ' t really know how successful that was .
then we need a meta - crisis mod
the level of athleticism in the ufc was dramatically lower too , and he was pretty ripped in some of his prime fights .
nah i just make money when i work . i do n ' t have any savings or inheritance or rich family or anything like that . my family is pretty poor actually .
plugging is such a great roa , but to an outsider it must seem like the most degenerate drug - addict thing ever .
the risk is probably minimal , but hot water in plastic that is n ' t food safe could cause plastic leeching into the water . if a bag breaks , it could be bad .
yep . keeps you on your toes . set down a cat toy ? gone in 3 seconds . grocery bag ? he ' ll try , but wo n ' t get it far . flip flop ? gone .
right thinking about flipping my nature boy ' s wheel around and riding it fixed next season !
numerical derivatives do n ' t scale well to high dimensional spaces .
i ca n ' t really think of any clothes that are seen as male only tbh .
awesome , thanks !
congrats ! that ' s at the top of my list
yep . just kind of applied it across all movies haha
he totally dominates . after beating anderson 2x i do n ' t know how people could think vitor was going to win that . i think he ' ll be champ for at least a few more years .
lol , you know its not actually his piano , right ?
do vines grow if the chunk is n ' t loaded ? and do you have to load it every once in a while or can you just leave it growing ?
if you have to ask , big man , you ca n ' t afford it .
oh god , poor guy . i ' d be a wreck for months .
i ' d pay you 1 . 8m bells for all of those . unless you ' d prefer to trade for gold roses , in which case i can give you 12 gold roses for your hybrids .
fuck comcast , i demand anarchy now if this is what life will come to .
ya sure . thanks man !
it ' s video game blasphemy !
i ' m not even into sports and i want to meet him . out of curiosity , was he into outdoorsy things while in high school or did he only come to that afterward ?
good idea thx ! i will do it when i ' m at my lowest : d will post pictures and a short review
sometimes i wonder if they do n ' t believe in math , either . math is a gateway to knowledge and truth .
argh , i know . it showed up in the mail a day after we did the finals . there ' s some in our work fridge right now . bummed that they did n ' t get here in time .
i am . i have red hair . i ca n ' t survive down there .
i ' m usually not a fan of assisted , but it works perfectly with the ember . opens with a quiet , muted click , which is great in an office environment .
yes but for this tournament we ' ll count him . as long as an artist has a minimum of 2 songs on monstercat i ' m counting them !
yeah , old race car was tour de france blue
oh also , what kind of ring are you getting ? : 3
i ' ll be honest , i do kinda want to see what you ' re able to achieve with glitter without contracting a lifelong infection of it all over your house .
got it - i actually thought you were being sarcastic and implying that one should use the brakes . my bad .
yeah , it would probably be cheaper just to buy a new bong .
yeah , i really figured it would be a good starter edc knife for him . he likes it quite a bit so far . so , i ' m glad i got it for him .
i do n ' t think it ' s that crazy of a thing ? i would n ' t eat french fries if they handed to me one by one without gloves on . this is n ' t much different .
he was so obvious i do n ' t know how my friends mom did n ' t catch on earlier . he had a crazed look in his eye like he just could n ' t stop looking at us . i remember it so clearly .
that glorious tone of red that vin has on his head .
i do n ' t remember what happened in the movies , but did n ' t he have a foot fetish on the tv show ?
my comment was meant as a leader for the op to critically evaluate his position . it was not a serious statement . and , by the looks of it , this was lost on many .
the best women are the ones you both fear and love .
this was grave digging . we just stumble upon old unmarked graves from time to time . people were not always buried in concrete vaults . so not so much the image your probably imaging lol .
really ? i thought it was a problem limited only to latin - american countries . well , india is a kind of latin - america branch in asia i guess .
yeah , looked through both his profile and da page , but did n ' t see anything . must have missed it .
well as a ar owner even some gun owners dont like us ar people i dont get it .
the story in the new one is pretty messed up and possibly disturbing . still not very realistic . i ' m glad the nazis did n ' t developed things you will see in this game .
i honestly think they gave this choice more than 12 hours of thought , which is about how much time you ' ve had to think about it . at that point you ' re still making an impulsive decision .
yeah dude . good thing i had an ender chest full of pots and gear !
i ' d rather run into a lion in the bush over a moose , or a grizz .
op ' s cockroach , not photoshop fake .
there is a bug where it spawns in the map . ca n ' t fly or anything but you can open doors etc .
my question is why was it so difficult for glob to redirect a spaceship ? man , finn ' s dad is a real pain in the blob .
try to learn electronics , computers and process controls . commercial and industrial maintenance is a much better gig .
it was the sydney opera house , but ecology is actually a modern era tech . edited the post .
i think it ' s just the metro trying to save some money in cleaning costs for that day . honestly i ' m more surprised to learn nyc lets people drink at all on the metro .
try maxing his passive first . enchant totem is low mana cost and low cooldown , so it ' s great for clearing creeps .
i looked it up . you have solidly ruined my evening with that . good job !
yeah , can i just say you all are amazing ? like you guys are seriously really awesome and this subreddit is awesome and everything is awesome and i need to go lie down .
who cares what it ' s called . a hospital is a hospital .
4 guys ? that ' s not a small number .
i believe it impossible for a writer to not impart values into their writing . even the doc ' s article here has his own values put forth in it .
they are those who own the means of production and appropriate that which is produced by them from those who use them . it has nothing to do with money or race .
and then bill gates will drink from it .
it had big pointy teeth .
i know that feel bro . let ' s be alone forever together .
the salad bowl part implies you ' re unaware that many many many places have helmet laws .
this can still happen , technically , and i will flip my shit if it does .
in soho photos , north is up . in your photo of the setting sun , east is up .
well the salt most people reference when they ' re salty is nacl .
would that work ?
just pick a spot and get a shot on net . do n ' t worry about fancy stuff . it will come with time .
you are a flippin awesome guru . monk mode for life .
yessss , but never forget to curse a lot . it boosts your damage .
because usually it ' s just some sad cheese - laden approximation and not actual mexican food .
he ' s basically running an entire organization of drug dealers .
flash : go play somewhere else , leave central city . cold : ca n ' t do that either , this city is my home . i just love the way he replied to flash with that line .
that ' s actually a really good comparison . i used to go to best buy weekly as a teenager and i would also pass by the dvd audio rack it was dusty and never touched . always looked the same .
no the clipping makes it better , no , im just kidding . but i see what your saying . more or less i was just lazy .
omg i need to film your life so i can watch your weird foreign ways and the odd butchering of the language that ' s named after your country .
orgies as a therapeutic treatment ? that ' s one way to encourage people to buy health insurance .
honestly , since im guessing that was totally on the fly , that was pretty solid .
bruh you owe me money . i cut myself on all that edge you ' re showing . talk to my lawyer fam we accept nothing less than 100k ya feel me ?
because he invented it ! and then he perfected it so that no man could best him in the ring of breakfast !
good point . maybe i ' ll post some facts about the noble chimpanzee too .
the holy trinity does it again .
if you take it out to enough digits , i guarantee you that eventually you ' ll find a seed that does exactly this .
a remotely controlled aircraft is a uav , an autonomous aircraft is a drone .
yes . thank god he is the 6th dman now .
i am into dungeon crawlers , but not a fan of click to move . my friend has it so maybe i will play on his to give it a try .
ooooh that makes sense . i ' m maelstrom but i had thought was a dungeon drop or something .
olive oil , you damn fatty .
i did n ' t realize people still use mechanical boxes when mosfet boxes are a thing
wow , been many years since i heard that song ! and now it ' s stuck in my head .
so now baseball demands future work commutes timed with maxwell at - bats
listen , you are one obnoxious twat , and i want you to go away . i ' m going to delete this account just to not hear your bullshit . fuck off . really .
nice i am happy it worked out well for you ! enjoy your ring !
well starting is definitely the hardest part , i mainly just cant stand all the busy work with arbitrary requirements that they give us so i dont start it until later .
not op , but a floral pattern making up a pixel art blanket would be awesome . sort of his and hers depending on who is into what .
in middle school my friend kevin became very distraught when this girl said he had a man - gina
but could she hit a splendid straight drive with a stick of rhubarb ?
i just imagine a titan in full gear , helmet off , smoking a pipe and reading a storm of swords on top of a pile of dead fallen .
only the northern part . spain still owns barcelona
one nice assist does n ' t make up for all of shit he brings on the ice .
spoken like someone who ' s never been there . it is n ' t that bad . after all baseball is played there .
i understand that , but he does have the power to influence . he could provide more funding for education rather than military for example .
quail , imo , is the best tasting game there is .
an end is a set of shot arrows before you get them .
its my login username . its only for logging in and only appears to me . revealing it removes one step needed in order to access my account without my permission .
is that a kind of drink named after a semi famous roman ?
ok well that ' s good there ' s a time line on it as far as age haha . it ' s a good gag .
comma splice !
look man i ' ve done plenty of acid . there is no set amount that each piece of paper holds . i figured all this micro gram talk was speculation and so far it has been .
would n ' t it be great if guile ' s theme actually played in - game when you pulled an otk combo ? make it happen blizzard plz .
you sound like a pretty cool science teacher !
that would make it pretty lack luster . it would have to spawn at full strength to be a threat to any build . maybe put a 2 - 3 second delay on it to provide ample time to react and move .
it ' s called time wasting . something your keeper tried doing 10 minutes into the game .
i love his ranting . one of the few guys i will never mute regardless of what kind of multitasking i ' m doing while watching a game .
she helped me on thursday ! super nice !
this is really a freeway issue . city driving requires lefts and rights and can not really conform to a driving passing lane form .
pretending to have one is more work and stress than actually having one .
that ' s actually not bad , is it ? i ' m not sure about distance and us air costs .
take that shit somewhere else bro imo you ' re sus for even saying that
was it someone watching the show or was it purely coincidence ?
and most of them qualify this by attempting to use their torah as a fucking land deed .
someone told me lately that being an ordinary person is quite the extraordinary thing these days . i laughed at them .
this bowling attack is doing a fairly good job .
energy generated . if you watch the source video the whole thing is a comparison to a new braking system they designed that generates electricity when stopping the train .
pulls out knife . removes shirt . begins to carve 16 by 16 sudoku puzzle . now you must endure a warrior ' s puzzle .
that would be a good solution to try .
have you actually taken time to read huck finn on your own ? it really is a fantastic book .
yeah i ' m on episode 11 now . i think it ' s great so far .
as someone who has spent a large amount of my life in india , i can assure you a horny indian man will do whatever it takes , mum be damned .
cant be a man and talk to neighbors . op is an even worse neighbor .
i did n ' t know any other form of fetish for being eaten . besides , they need to eat every last scrap - they ' re growing creatures of darkness after all !
can i get an invite to the party ?
you ' re really reaching to pretend you have a point , but we both know you do n ' t have one .
i would assume cass , as she ' s the only one with any chance at all .
great : d
might be a contender place to live , then . what ' s the food like ?
learn how to reply . like this , see ?
you got a source ? all i can find is people talking about how large the school is . international med school rankings do n ' t even have it on the list .
he ' s off his feet in this video is what i said . he is , and so is jenkins .
ronin ' s the call for me .
i can just imagine this being very hard to develop though , not sure though .
i ' d actually wait a few weeks to explain your intentions . make sure they ' re interested in you for more than just sex before telling them that you ' re only interested in it .
yup . the thing that makes bourbon chicken good ? it ' s not the bourbon . it ' s the brown sugar .
i hope you realize this is not a competitive video game and that the sports comparison makes no sense .
i suppose my line of thinking is it is better than what we have now , and we gain the benefit of having equal basic rights to life , but people can go above and beyond if they so choose .
ok thanks man for the reply .
when he started out solo , then only added other people to help play live shows after album number 2 , then i ' d still consider it being just him thanks
nope it ' s an actual play strategy in hockey . there are players whose job is solely to take out other players .
you can but the point of the thing is to be a modular hub for interplanetary missions to mars or venus . so what i had to do is launch it again and replace the part .
oh thank you ! i ' m currently working on a few more tracks , hope i get them finished soon
it will fill back in eventually . the reservoir has to fill up before they open the flood gates of the dam and the river refills .
different engine and engine management system .
what kind of diving does dendi do ?
he is a very erratic player , he can change a game when he wants to but in some he just does n ' t turn up .
dihydrogen monoxide ! in it ' s vapor state it can burn you ! time to ban this chemical from all kitchens .
this is one of the huge differences because the connection between dog and owner becomes stronger through training .
they ' re jacking up hamilton prices now , so i ' m not laughing at them anymore .
it ' s pretty bigoted to think that handshakes are universally considered polite . did the ceo not realize that she was talking to someone from another culture ?
wait , in east tennessee we call slaw on your bbq carolina style . i do n ' t know who to trust .
and today , it ' s a derogatory term for gay hunting equipment .
i ' d go and patent water then .
i personally have n ' t checked in a while but on the facebook group they ' re very active and helpful . if anyone ' s online in - game i ' m sure they ' d help you with anything
are you this upset about every federal agency rule that is n ' t made available before it ' s enacted ?
ah okay . thanks for the response ! edit : i ' m stupid and going back realized i mis - read . sorry for the misunderstanding !
till 6 ? ha did you heard anything about flask ? and btw kassadin is not losing against ad old yes , new no
you have to remember that during the actual thing there will be a full hall and also other instruments around that will most likely absorb most of that .
wait , why is that a dumb thought ?
i would club them to death wielding a baby seal .
everything just goes to the farm and gets to play and be happy and eat lots of good food .
then yes . bring beer . something nice .
they said it was because of console limitations and they did n ' t want to take up much space and they never bothered to put it in the pc version .
yeah that was weird . as soon as i say his hand shake i started to get that knot in my stomach and my heart started to race . i hate that feeling .
look at the diagrams i linked to . there are two needles , each vibrating separately .
i assume the code you get might not expire too soon , but you can only buy these for the next 6 days or so .
it ' s so you do n ' t lose it up your pooper
and i would n ' t give a shit about what those farmers think .
also instead of having to specify where in the world the sound is being played from you can just have it play from the object ' s position . making things like bullet impacts a bit easier .
true dat , but how much muscle can you gain on your arms curling chicken wings ?
do you play on a team in norway ?
thats a really cool tradition .
that was my third bowl at the time . the ice melted into it a lot .
